The Longest Sentence by number of characters: Those who prefer the religious who live in communities
in cities before the anchorites, say that they have more worth because
they meet with more opposition; whereas those who live in solitude being
quiet and not subject to temptations, have not so much virtue; to which
Nilus replies that there are as many temptations in solitude as in
cities, and that the reason why some persons argue so is because they
regard outward sins only, not considering that there are infinite
temptations and spiritual sins which encounter us as well in privacy as
in cities; and he therefore supports the opinion that the solitary life
is the higher form of the religious life.[440] Isidore of Seville, too,
in the seventh century, distinguishes between the different kinds of
monks, and says that the Cœnobites are they that live in common, like
those in the days of the apostles, who sold their goods and had all
things in common; the Hermits, they that withdraw into desert places and
vast solitudes in imitation of Elias and John the Baptist, delighting,
with a wonderful contempt of the world, in total solitude; and the
Anchorites, they who, having perfected themselves in cœnobitical life,
shut themselves up in cells apart from the aspect of men, inaccessible
to all, and living in the sole contemplation of God.[441] But Bede, who
was a Benedictine monk, seems also to regard the life of an anchorite as
a higher form of religious life, when in his History he says of Cudberct
on his retiring to the island of Farne, that, ‘advancing in the merits
of his devout intention, he proceeded even to the adoption of a hermit
life of solitary contemplation and secret silence;’ and, in his Life,
that ‘he was now permitted to ascend to the leisure of divine
speculation, and rejoiced that he had now reached the lot of those of
whom we sing in the Psalm, The saints shall go from virtue to virtue;
the God of Gods shall be seen in Sion.’[442]

The Shortest Sentence by number of words: FOR

The Longest Word: ecclesiastically
Top 10 most occurance of characters: 
1. e 11156
2. o 10006
3. t 9766
4. n 7006
5. a 6706
6. i 6393
7. h 5372
8. s 5305
9. r 4963
10. d 3555
Most often words: 
the 1483
footnote 1185
of 1117
and 632
in 528
to 465
a 234
he 231
that 230
is 193
his 190
was 166
_ 158
as 147
it 141
sidenote 134
for 127
by 120
or 119
church 118
with 107
which 106
from 92
be 86
this 84
on 80
him 73
at 71
have 71
we 69
were 68
they 67
who 67
them 64
said 61
not 58
but 53
their 52
one 51
god 50
are 50
had 49
when 49
bishop 48
king 47
there 46
s 45
after 44
time 44
son 44
an 42
columba 40
iona 40
life 40
would 40
saint 38
abbot 38
_ib 38
year 37
been 37
monastery 36
ireland 36
all 35
death 34
et 33
people 32
irish 31
name 31
called 30
so 30
same 30
also 29
has 29
these 29
three 28
says 27
ult 27
island 26
monasteries 26
first 26
place 26
its 26
i 24
cille 24
lord 24
will 24
_tigh 24
picts 23
under 23
what 23
into 22
old 22
us 22
find 22
land 22
went 22
shall 22
colum 22
no 21
holy 21
two 21
other 21
those 21
nor 21
may 21
body 21
thy 21
seven 20
should 20
years 20
man 20
great 20
then 20
alban 19
tribe 19
whom 19
thus 19
appears 19
some 19
adamnan 19
kentigern 19
early 18
churches 18
bishops 18
my 18
country 18
stone 18
if 18
monks 17
andrews 17
day 17
among 17
probably 17
tells 17
himself 17
before 17
used 17
monastic 16
patrick 16
founded 16
_keledei_ 16
where 16
here 16
columban 15
brought 15
de_ 15
over 15
language 15
died 15
good 15
scots 15
mac 15
scotland 14
gaelic 14
own 14
afterwards 14
through 14
scottish 14
do 14
iae 14
moreover 14
celtic 13
easter 13
canons 13
made 13
given 13
now 13
her 13
men 13
however 13
abbas 13
viz 13
ut 13
sons 12
abbacy 12
scotch 12
held 12
between 12
upon 12
again 12
account 12
columcille 12
blessed 12
off 12
pilgrimage 12
go 12
see 12
translated 12
because 12
book 12
dixit 12
rule 11
century 11
our 11
clerics 11
full 11
recorded 11
termed 11
little 11
being 11
following 11
came 11
heaven 11
only 11
mission 10
period 10
according 10
you 10
down 10
up 10
she 10
having 10
during 10
annals 10
order 10
most 10
bede 10
well 10
still 10
without 10
any 10
poet 10
christ 10
left 10
armagh 10
therefore 10
lands 10
cudberct 10
until 10
gaul 9
saints 9
right 9
becomes 9
written 9
days 9
told 9
number 9
me 9
second 9
twelve 9
last 9
others 9
out 9
too 9
while 9
world 9
than 9
words 9
both 9
end 9
small 9
places 9
bishopric 9
lindisfarne 9
come 9
o 9
m 9
abraham 9
david 8
secular 8
foundation 8
family 8
canonical 8
sea 8
themselves 8
establishment 8
another 8
ad 8
about 8
against 8
est 8
n 8
true 8
west 8
wood 8
word 8
took 8
de 8
every 8
such 8
gave 8
expression 8
chief 8
seems 8
found 8
did 8
much 8
divine 8
northumbria 8
placed 8
like 8
dunkeld 8
coärb 8
four 8
southern 7
aidan 7
origin 7
culdees 7
remains 7
far 7
likewise 7
must 7
angus 7
times 7
fifty 7
hundred 7
cleric 7
form 7
north 7
na 7
character 7
several 7
religious 7
together 7
many 7
young 7
make 7
house 7
whole 7
work 7
queen 7
could 7
instead 7
free 7
love 7
father 7
received 7
districts 7
apostle 7
very 7
remained 7
northern 7
means 7
certain 7
take 7
possessions 7
masters 7
relics 7
water 7
sense 7
thee 7
perfect 7
glasgow 6
ancient 6
south 6
hermits 6
taken 6
learning 6
though 6
customs 6
priests 6
part 6
head 6
appear 6
whose 6
even 6
hii 6
preserved 6
position 6
anchorite 6
city 6
apostles 6
county 6
coast 6
six 6
each 6
receive 6
earth 6
connection 6
ever 6
always 6
person 6
tract 6
east 6
calls 6
conall 6
erin 6
till 6
cormac 6
voice 6
seen 6
term 6
dallan 6
abbots 6
thou 6
failbhe 6
hear 6
learned 6
say 6
spoken 6
more 6
hi 6
iea 6
cuthbert 6
solitary 6
anchorites 6
virtue 6
leave 6
literally 6
mind 6
cellach 6
labour 6
_i 6
e 6
scriptures 6
sake 6
leaves 6
history 5
orders 5
forth 5
christian 5
law 5
britain 5
kingdom 5
_cele 5
face 5
priest 5
faith 5
culdee 5
episcopus 5
thirty 5
apud 5
quies 5
introduced 5
monk 5
wales 5
noble 5
principal 5
kildare 5
built 5
cows 5
danes 5
sometimes 5
adds 5
patron 5
nation 5
reason 5
berchan 5
battle 5
thing 5
described 5
original 5
learn 5
names 5
can 5
latter 5
kings 5
granted 5
islands 5
soul 5
appearance 5
sound 5
above 5
company 5
succeeded 5
discipline 5
away 5
yet 5
shore 5
moray 5
segine 5
angles 5
rome 5
custom 5
lismore 5
done 5
few 5
belonged 5
might 5
cum 5
neither 5
alone 5
women 5
saying 5
roman 5
andrew 5
york 5
side 5
example 5
live 5
persons 5
_deicolæ_ 5
allowed 5
towards 5
cathedral 5
wyntoun 5
grace 5
wisdom 5
reliquiarum 5
chapter 5
dean 5
composed 5
patrimony 5
prophet 5
fatherland 5
half 5
hand 5
notices 4
ninian 4
controversy 4
succession 4
influence 4
isles 4
become 4
conclusion 4
community 4
prior 4
slain 4
observed 4
am 4
within 4
your 4
jurisdiction 4
regard 4
gone 4
age 4
five 4
ordained 4
mother 4
filled 4
fordun 4
back 4
long 4
sixty 4
erc 4
real 4
fact 4
ia 4
quod 4
filii 4
lives 4
date 4
scribe 4
became 4
reached 4
different 4
school 4
extent 4
possession 4
mic 4
mentioned 4
ciaran 4
usual 4
tears 4
building 4
apart 4
psalm 4
singing 4
royal 4
accordingly 4
poem 4
judgment 4
case 4
lay 4
connected 4
things 4
native 4
ten 4
_amra 4
title 4
illustration 4
use 4
way 4
_drui_ 4
believed 4
hymn 4
gold 4
possessed 4
choice 4
along 4
wind 4
lake 4
subject 4
dead 4
distinguished 4
works 4
meet 4
failure 4
instructed 4
regular 4
province 4
elected 4
restored 4
ronan 4
kingarth 4
fife 4
abbatis 4
christo 4
quievit 4
hiberniam 4
sunt 4
pausat 4
john 4
jocelyn 4
praises 4
narrative 4
unto 4
hexham 4
diocese 4
hands 4
high 4
living 4
shrine 4
qui 4
legend 4
cities 4
solitude 4
sins 4
entirely 4
party 4
protecting 4
ua 4
pictish 4
throne 4
mors 4
slebine 4
790 4
807 4
commutatio 4
ab 4
belonging 4
fothad 4
clonmacnois 4
chron 4
earl 4
brechin 4
read 4
literature 4
preface 4
counsel 4
abide 4
faithful 4
_rann_ 4
eriu 4
alba 4
mobii 4
_amra_ 4
_leabar 4
breac_ 4
_out 4
print 4
rights 3
1 3
2 3
columbanus 3
7 3
eremitical 3
collegiate 3
dalriadic 3
35 3
sanctuary 3
71 3
72 3
instruction 3
75 3
76 3
assembly 3
expulsion 3
177 3
803 3
224 3
275 3
317 3
benedictine 3
abbey 3
415 3
461 3
lowland 3
462 3
463 3
evening 3
fourteenth 3
considered 3
twenty 3
fourth 3
council 3
541 3
festival 3
missionary 3
respect 3
follow 3
lived 3
preached 3
dwelt 3
forty 3
consecrated 3
epistle 3
coroticus 3
patricius 3
appointed 3
confession 3
simply 3
confirmed 3
litany 3
invokes 3
patraic 3
pure 3
presbyters 3
clergy 3
behind 3
derived 3
coming 3
ground 3
june 3
bounds 3
buried 3
driven 3
kintyre 3
dalriada 3
9 3
_conf 3
episcopatus 3
committed 3
id 3
non 3
sanctorum 3
don 3
catholic 3
later 3
functionaries 3
finally 3
institution 3
near 3
galloway 3
former 3
obviously 3
master 3
followed 3
britons 3
oak 3
plain 3
kells 3
marked 3
illustrious 3
prophecy 3
known 3
town 3
river 3
donegal 3
occasion 3
proceeded 3
rods 3
purpose 3
latin 3
equivalent 3
probable 3
contained 3
glossary 3
buildings 3
seniors 3
brehon 3
laws 3
belong 3
similar 3
kind 3
goes 3
prevent 3
peace 3
151 3
gospel 3
culdremhne 3
knew 3
illustrate 3
loch 3
_tuaths_ 3
definite 3
bears 3
let 3
quoted 3
bartholomew 3
edin 3
obedience 3
brude 3
attributed 3
wont 3
poets 3
bright 3
poems 3
woman 3
magi 3
applied 3
giving 3
visit 3
terms 3
boat 3
compare 3
prayer 3
conception 3
reign 3
territories 3
deacons 3
students 3
250 3
rendered 3
eyes 3
explained 3
heavenly 3
joy 3
spirit 3
subsequent 3
whatever 3
charity 3
decrees 3
apostolic 3
baithene 3
599 3
record 3
616 3
district 3
presided 3
failbe 3
heard 3
build 3
care 3
pope 3
wrote 3
modern 3
passing 3
notice 3
tighernac 3
records 3
successor 3
miracles 3
colman 3
peter 3
show 3
conform 3
souls 3
worldly 3
arrival 3
fillan 3
event 3
writing 3
return 3
692 3
693 3
exception 3
704 3
717 3
la 3
sancti 3
episcopi 3
697 3
principatum 3
birth 3
transferred 3
episcopal 3
desired 3
farne 3
hagustald 3
further 3
prayers 3
multitude 3
entire 3
appeared 3
pavement 3
large 3
enough 3
mary 3
rex 3
chanownys 3
ar 3
seculare 3
saynt 3
communities 3
temptations 3
why 3
higher 3
common 3
passage 3
give 3
charter 3
loved 3
_carcair_ 3
_deoraidh 3
pilgrims 3
pilgrim 3
lector 3
_ceile 3
servanus 3
lochleven 3
504 3
778 3
782 3
acts 3
801 3
799 3
800 3
cross 3
blathmac 3
sword 3
abernethy 3
bridget 3
876 3
haly 3
thai 3
state 3
beyond 3
resorted 3
888 3
fallen 3
507 3
727 3
754 3
coluimcille 3
758 3
767 3
784 3
inis 3
789 3
ocus 3
849 3
865 3
1172 3
937 3
1027 3
fire 3
strange 3
office 3
1170 3
uareirghe 3
1070 3
699 3
accession 3
bishoprics 3
disappeared 3
virgin 3
suppression 3
dunblane 3
relik 3
argyll 3
books 3
teaching 3
exile 3
806 3
dialects 3
_emtur_ 3
_entur_ 3
unica 3
text 3
regards 3
translation 3
wit 3
uttered 3
foretold 3
measure 3
bear 3
boy 3
981 3
protect 3
diarmait 3
morning 3
handmaid 3
aedh 3
crane 3
poeta 3
put 3
1182 3
doing 3
secondary 3
merely 3
_yellow 3
lecan_ 3
transcriber 2
note 2
douglas 2
edinburgh 2
james 2
_church 2
culture 2
british 2
6 2
regarding 2
12 2
14 2
24 2
26 2
33 2
firths 2
clyde 2
apostasy 2
39 2
bangor 2
55 2
primitive 2
57 2
61 2
62 2
colonies 2
63 2
privilege 2
65 2
66 2
73 2
seminaries 2
western 2
78 2
inaugurates 2
attends 2
drumceatt 2
122 2
originally 2
276 2
356 2
360 2
nunnery 2
disappearance 2
417 2
neglected 2
education 2
1520 2
passes 2
reformation 2
509 2
map 2
showing 2
site 2
100 2
178 2
moon 2
reckoning 2
fifteenth 2
ought 2
fall 2
sunday 2
canon 2
11 2
limits 2
bound 2
fathers 2
youth 2
36 2
unlearned 2
37 2
states 2
famous 2
350 2
founders 2
verse 2
42 2
43 2
48 2
various 2
forms 2
tonsure 2
ear 2
removed 2
practised 2
49 2
dark 2
tripartite 2
sickness 2
60 2
calendar 2
religion 2
extended 2
mull 2
fergus 2
events 2
grandson 2
dalriads 2
does 2
74 2
519 2
431 2
ordinatus 2
20 2
22 2
28 2
30 2
31 2
cor 2
ante 2
gradus 2
fifteen 2
peccator 2
esse 2
sum 2
civibus 2
40 2
scotorum 2
47 2
50 2
_secht 2
epscoip 2
monenna 2
hibernia 2
construxit 2
inter 2
impossible 2
ulster 2
518 2
episcopate 2
dignity 2
united 2
proper 2
87 2
italy 2
martin 2
361 2
tours 2
372 2
88 2
channel 2
candida 2
casa 2
manchan 2
thrice 2
96 2
returned 2
gather 2
clonard 2
109 2
besides 2
meath 2
cerbaill 2
fulfilled 2
centuries 2
dublin 2
sligo 2
110 2
score 2
cut 2
114 2
saighir 2
erect 2
huts 2
wild 2
sharp 2
115 2
planks 2
moss 2
116 2
fashion 2
nations 2
117 2
bothies 2
wooden 2
_deirthech_ 2
etymologies 2
comes 2
118 2
121 2
_ollamh 2
saer_ 2
mill 2
cells 2
set 2
guests 2
123 2
protected 2
124 2
mochta 2
except 2
reading 2
127 2
bells 2
court 2
fell 2
stated 2
134 2
mild 2
137 2
forming 2
ecclesiastical 2
families 2
cell 2
144 2
refuse 2
tribes 2
147 2
implied 2
constitution 2
dignitaries 2
149 2
confirm 2
contracts 2
150 2
commentary 2
curse 2
desire 2
carry 2
pagan 2
166 2
sage 2
favour 2
author 2
admits 2
slaughter 2
going 2
cruithnigh 2
167 2
102 2
sup 2
obscure 2
born 2
cast 2
due 2
crosses 2
annalist 2
171 2
chapel 2
tradition 2
172 2
indefinite 2
founds 2
anything 2
183 2
affiliated 2
senior 2
201 2
doctrine 2
preaching 2
conversion 2
202 2
204 2
210 2
incident 2
else 2
paganism 2
magnified 2
211 2
212 2
213 2
call 2
216 2
doom 2
217 2
idols 2
223 2
altars 2
elements 2
_druid_ 2
burn 2
225 2
added 2
_sreod_ 2
watching 2
birds 2
227 2
earthly 2
229 2
druid 2
occupying 2
tutor 2
230 2
already 2
recognised 2
doubt 2
jesus 2
story 2
_druad_ 2
wise 2
231 2
232 2
wonder 2
evil 2
once 2
carries 2
235 2
formed 2
truth 2
237 2
add 2
baal 2
239 2
worship 2
240 2
574 2
comgall 2
244 2
greatly 2
previous 2
thursday 2
245 2
forgaill 2
248 2
recite 2
stream 2
served 2
fairly 2
division 2
238 2
meaning 2
offices 2
brethren 2
caused 2
angel 2
sent 2
dear 2
expresses 2
deposit 2
meant 2
wonderful 2
vision 2
281 2
gladness 2
286 2
sweetness 2
vast 2
clear 2
288 2
pre 2
eminence 2
292 2
entitled 2
293 2
know 2
attention 2
rules 2
paschal 2
observance 2
diligently 2
piety 2
writings 2
294 2
finten 2
wilt 2
answered 2
permission 2
295 2
296 2
fergna 2
brit 2
trace 2
eastern 2
calendars 2
firth 2
gives 2
extending 2
ross 2
302 2
fiachna 2
refers 2
declared 2
309 2
joyfully 2
flocked 2
bounty 2
younger 2
greater 2
312 2
throughout 2
celebrate 2
316 2
319 2
321 2
suibhne 2
cuirtri 2
nothing 2
stage 2
322 2
cummene 2
termination 2
powerful 2
power 2
present 2
hastened 2
326 2
despised 2
327 2
preach 2
sick 2
unless 2
temporal 2
328 2
669 2
itharnan 2
corindu 2
331 2
applecross 2
maelrubha 2
335 2
sister 2
336 2
337 2
678 2
wilfrid 2
338 2
homes 2
339 2
341 2
_cinngaradh_ 2
bute 2
344 2
346 2
seventh 2
347 2
349 2
schism 2
262 2
605 2
623 2
columbæ 2
suis 2
651 2
657 2
suibne 2
324 2
661 2
venit 2
668 2
qua 2
fundavit 2
ecclesiam 2
673 2
676 2
anno 2
ie 2
707 2
710 2
712 2
rydderch 2
hael 2
strathclyde 2
fragment 2
complete 2
possess 2
compiled 2
twelfth 2
355 2
oldest 2
manner 2
357 2
nigh 2
destroyed 2
359 2
landed 2
dedicated 2
364 2
earlier 2
365 2
length 2
llanelwy 2
asaph 2
grants 2
367 2
369 2
fixes 2
especially 2
week 2
probability 2
poor 2
370 2
meeting 2
380 2
boys 2
anglic 2
381 2
lothian 2
melrose 2
402 2
expelled 2
preside 2
eata 2
divided 2
410 2
fortified 2
intent 2
413 2
opposite 2
met 2
deposited 2
coffin 2
altar 2
414 2
enshrined 2
chest 2
prepared 2
416 2
acca 2
425 2
730 2
_a 2
quam 2
wes 2
thare 2
434 2
worth 2
opposition 2
whereas 2
considering 2
440 2
goods 2
withdraw 2
total 2
sole 2
contemplation 2
441 2
merits 2
intention 2
hermit 2
permitted 2
rejoiced 2
sing 2
442 2
worshippers 2
die 2
449 2
eight 2
450 2
expressed 2
durham 2
781 2
territory 2
devoted 2
exercise 2
leading 2
devotion 2
reverence 2
neighbours 2
451 2
453 2
property 2
454 2
dwellings 2
enter 2
457 2
1006 2
enda 2
hard 2
bring 2
ultan 2
loves 2
children 2
molaissi 2
464 2
doorway 2
466 2
469 2
strangers 2
470 2
severed 2
vacant 2
471 2
characteristics 2
isle 2
481 2
possibly 2
keledei 2
colidei 2
485 2
belongs 2
sixth 2
laymen 2
503 2
byschape 2
458 2
473 2
482 2
488 2
493 2
parties 2
rona 2
skye 2
737 2
515 2
725 2
516 2
534 2
breasal 2
formerly 2
540 2
cathail 2
connaught 2
staff 2
cemetery 2
tailten 2
542 2
witness 2
sight 2
544 2
551 2
conlaid 2
berich 2
552 2
557 2
559 2
rocky 2
564 2
heart 2
resolved 2
arise 2
martyr 2
825 2
569 2
biographer 2
573 2
aillelo 2
579 2
close 2
582 2
585 2
863 2
588 2
appearing 2
594 2
remain 2
spread 2
595 2
maelduin 2
891 2
598 2
maelbrigde 2
vessel 2
knowledge 2
927 2
600 2
505 2
716 2
eo 2
718 2
super 2
722 2
ei 2
lex 2
tam 2
752 2
cilline 2
757 2
_recte_ 2
759 2
decc 2
772 2
775 2
conaill 2
cinngaradh 2
794 2
dormivit 2
_hi 2
814 2
ceallach 2
743 2
martirum 2
776 2
positio 2
theca 2
829 2
880 2
freed 2
synod 2
cashel 2
wholly 2
exaction 2
exact 2
customary 2
victuals 2
hospitality 2
presume 2
longer 2
extort 2
force 2
607 2
1161 2
tributes 2
608 2
giric 2
610 2
612 2
government 2
613 2
reported 2
bran 2
raphoe 2
938 2
618 2
dependent 2
619 2
954 2
947 2
dies 2
620 2
624 2
dubh 2
962 2
963 2
625 2
coluimcille_ 2
statement 2
dun 2
resurrection 2
disciple 2
637 2
derry 2
638 2
646 2
659 2
margaret 2
664 2
gregory 2
unable 2
virtues 2
670 2
1099 2
677 2
fourteen 2
680 2
maelmordha 2
_cenn 2
935 2
acus 2
964 2
1005 2
1055 2
1065 2
erinn 2
ardmacha 2
dicti 2
summi 2
evangelii 2
fothet 2
685 2
695 2
formation 2
parish 2
698 2
gregorius 2
711 2
713 2
aberdeen 2
caithness 2
724 2
single 2
archdeacon 2
proceeds 2
frequent 2
extend 2
rock 2
734 2
duncan 2
confirmation 2
742 2
brother 2
747 2
april 2
bearing 2
robert 2
william 2
letter 2
forebearis 2
nane 2
concerning 2
brigid 2
773 2
condition 2
777 2
relic 2
sir 2
788 2
making 2
aldfrid 2
regions 2
study 2
cultivated 2
791 2
792 2
quatrain 2
793 2
_scribhnidh_ 2
scribes 2
808 2
796 2
hagiology 2
transcribed 2
812 2
_nevtur_ 2
813 2
815 2
17th 2
march 2
sun 2
818 2
819 2
fair 2
820 2
823 2
_ferleiginn_ 2
832 2
833 2
1128 2
1138 2
834 2
836 2
shown 2
837 2
peculiarities 2
parts 2
841 2
imposed 2
845 2
scotic 2
containing 2
amongst 2
race 2
highlands 2
851 2
write 2
collection 2
852 2
teague 2
poetry 2
853 2
amatho 2
reads 2
just 2
sen 2
b 2
literal 2
kindred 2
inheritance 2
858 2
leader 2
859 2
imposing 2
860 2
exi 2
terra 2
chaldees 2
promise 2
benefits 2
omnes 2
truly 2
864 2
abandon 2
866 2
paul 2
869 2
hardships 2
870 2
871 2
haran 2
872 2
873 2
874 2
obtained 2
875 2
vices 2
profit 2
877 2
motion 2
878 2
henceforth 2
881 2
882 2
laics 2
883 2
884 2
885 2
omnia 2
sure 2
886 2
thanks 2
relate 2
895 2
nobility 2
896 2
903 2
908 2
911 2
eoghan 2
913 2
914 2
915 2
grief 2
920 2
922 2
herself 2
934 2
966 2
968 2
969 2
cainnech 2
_dun_ 2
982 2
983 2
995 2
998 2
999 2
becc 2
1000 2
1001 2
1002 2
1011 2
1016 2
how 2
1022 2
1026 2
1028 2
wave 2
1030 2
1031 2
1035 2
drumcliff 2
1036 2
1037 2
1034 2
1041 2
1042 2
offered 2
1043 2
1046 2
1056 2
1057 2
1058 2
1063 2
youths 2
1064 2
1073 2
1074 2
1075 2
1076 2
1086 2
1105 2
1106 2
1108 2
1124 2
1125 2
1126 2
1127 2
ll 2
1135 2
hut 2
shoes 2
1137 2
night 2
cloud 2
scannlan 2
drink 2
ale 2
1142 2
1148 2
1152 2
month 2
sadness 2
1159 2
1163 2
1168 2
sand 2
garments 2
impression 2
ribs 2
1171 2
eat 2
1173 2
riches 2
1176 2
1177 2
perhaps 2
1179 2
1180 2
1181 2
1183 2
1184 2
envy 2
_fri 2
usci 2
idiomatically 2
signifying 2
_don 2
orig 2
_isin 2
zeuss 2
corresponding 2
copies 2
_printed 1
thomas 1
archibald 1
constable_ 1
maclehose 1
_second 1
edition 1
1887 1
_all 1
reserved 1
page 1
1272 1
relates 1
_to 1
page_ 1
illustrating 1
eighth 1
passover 1
jewish 1
system 1
unleavened 1
bread 1
consequently 1
orleans 1
directed 1
tables 1
victorius 1
barbarians 1
temporarily 1
territorial 1
deference 1
claim 1
handed 1
deacon 1
designates 1
sinner 1
catalogue 1
ghost 1
quotes 1
conferred 1
mobeoc 1
gleanngeirg 1
brachan 1
bracha 1
meoc 1
tonsured 1
hair 1
fore 1
leaving 1
grow 1
ears 1
whence 1
interval 1
ourselves 1
treading 1
firm 1
turning 1
seized 1
cruithne 1
12th 1
metrical 1
torannan 1
famed 1
voyager 1
broad 1
shipful 1
advance 1
embrace 1
loarn 1
recording 1
domangart 1
gabran 1
peculiar 1
groups 1
apparently 1
group 1
stock 1
_lechgelyddon_ 1
celyddon 1
caledonia 1
rosneveth 1
roseneath 1
3 1
4 1
5 1
scotos 1
christum 1
credentes 1
papa 1
cœlestino 1
palladius 1
primus 1
mittitur 1
prosper 1
_chron 1
8 1
10 1
13 1
15 1
16 1
17 1
18 1
19 1
21 1
23 1
25 1
27 1
29 1
32 1
34 1
confessus 1
fueram 1
essem 1
diaconus 1
rank 1
fault 1
commences 1
indoctus 1
scilicet 1
hiberione 1
constitutis 1
episcopum 1
futeor 1
certissime 1
reor 1
deo 1
accepi 1
38 1
dico 1
meis 1
neque 1
romanorum 1
hæc 1
confessio 1
mea 1
antequam 1
moriar 1
filiæ 1
regulorum 1
monachi 1
virgines 1
christi 1
videntur 1
41 1
44 1
45 1
46 1
casta 1
informitate 1
capillum 1
cutem 1
cæsi 1
inæqualiter 1
semitonsi 1
destituta 1
fronte 1
prærasi 1
51 1
52 1
53 1
54 1
56 1
58 1
59 1
64 1
67 1
68 1
69 1
70 1
hii_ 1
hiæ_ 1
printed 1
capgrave 1
multis 1
itaque 1
signis 1
declaratis 1
regem 1
scotiæ 1
nomine 1
conagal 1
cognatum 1
suum 1
profecta 1
multas 1
ecclesias 1
monasteria 1
quæ 1
strivelin 1
unam 1
ascertain 1
anachronisms 1
darerce 1
que 1
moninne 1
nominata 1
77 1
79 1
relative 1
presbyter 1
personal 1
official 1
inferior 1
functions 1
duties 1
established 1
ligugé 1
gates 1
poitiers 1
bore 1
majus 1
monasterium 1
marmoutier 1
centre 1
monachism 1
channels 1
whithern 1
manchenius 1
celebrated 1
disciples 1
bretagne 1
partly 1
acceptable 1
profusion 1
trees 1
dearmach 1
oaks 1
_cennanus_ 1
fort 1
diarmada 1
elapsed 1
clonmore 1
louth 1
_rechra_ 1
lambay 1
swords 1
_sord 1
choluimchille_ 1
drumcliffe 1
drumcolumb 1
moone 1
_eas 1
eirc_ 1
assylyn 1
boyle 1
easruadh 1
erne 1
tyrconell 1
_torach_ 1
tory 1
mochaoi 1
nendrum 1
wattles 1
_ecclais_ 1
constructed 1
rudest 1
materials 1
boar 1
assisted 1
biting 1
teeth 1
branches 1
coemgen 1
glendalough 1
oratory 1
conchubran 1
smooth 1
accustomed 1
walls 1
get 1
erected 1
accommodation 1
frequently 1
_duirthech_ 1
oratorium 1
_duirtheach_ 1
_dairthech_ 1
_dear_ 1
tear 1
shed 1
_coicthigis_ 1
kitchen 1
_muilleoracht_ 1
somewhat 1
reception 1
_tighaoid 1
headh_ 1
hospitium 1
numerous 1
burnt 1
houses 1
circumvallation 1
_rath_ 1
_lios_ 1
vallum 1
faced 1
_caiseal_ 1
exist 1
foundations 1
lughmagh 1
household 1
tillage 1
reaping 1
kiln 1
drying 1
refusal 1
deliver 1
roadanus 1
rang 1
hardly 1
cursed 1
prayed 1
dwell 1
tarach 1
waste 1
palace 1
ruadhan 1
_teamraigh_ 1
tara 1
succeeds 1
dalta 1
fine 1
vigour 1
compairche 1
deoruid 1
progenies 1
fit 1
whenever 1
binding 1
guarantee 1
_annoit_ 1
accessible 1
belief 1
either 1
plebeian 1
open 1
legal 1
privileged 1
classes 1
_tuath_ 1
_neimhedh_ 1
_eclais_ 1
_flaith_ 1
_file_ 1
remedy 1
tithes 1
fruits 1
alms 1
occurrence 1
plague 1
prevalence 1
war 1
bad 1
worthlessness 1
explaining 1
_graid 1
feine_ 1
marriage 1
daughter 1
idea 1
actuated 1
motive 1
attributes 1
knows 1
chosen 1
responsible 1
cause 1
assigns 1
subjection 1
woe 1
eastward 1
happy 1
erinach 1
80 1
81 1
82 1
83 1
84 1
85 1
86 1
extracts 1
89 1
90 1
91 1
92 1
93 1
94 1
95 1
97 1
98 1
99 1
101 1
103 1
104 1
105 1
106 1
107 1
108 1
roboreus 1
campus 1
111 1
112 1
113 1
mon 1
119 1
120 1
125 1
126 1
128 1
129 1
130 1
131 1
132 1
133 1
135 1
136 1
138 1
139 1
140 1
141 1
142 1
conchad 1
fland 1
feblae 1
_cheill_ 1
_abbaith_ 1
_book 1
143 1
145 1
explanation 1
aside 1
worst 1
lots 1
best 1
146 1
148 1
152 1
153 1
154 1
155 1
156 1
157 1
158 1
159 1
160 1
161 1
162 1
163 1
164 1
165 1
followers 1
seat 1
delgon 1
cindelgend 1
situated 1
knapdale 1
curious 1
cave 1
cove 1
caolisport 1
sailed 1
residence 1
choluimchilli_ 1
describes 1
sought 1
description 1
_columcille 1
fecit_ 1
servant 1
deceive 1
stanza 1
r_ 1
members 1
vow 1
yield 1
prompt 1
implicit 1
nought 1
evangelists 1
instrument 1
heathen 1
labours 1
seem 1
indicate 1
rural 1
population 1
converts 1
nowhere 1
mailcu 1
contend 1
perished 1
ascribed 1
fiacc 1
sleibhte 1
godhead 1
trinity 1
phantoms 1
_sidhe_ 1
_aes 1
sidhe_ 1
pray 1
save 1
malevolence 1
demons 1
prays 1
dinnsenchus 1
magh 1
sleacht 1
idol 1
_cromcruach_ 1
around 1
padric 1
_indelba_ 1
glossed 1
carve 1
adored 1
guarantors 1
_filid_ 1
_octighern_ 1
military 1
leaders 1
scorch 1
incantations 1
satirise 1
denounce 1
_toisechs_ 1
wound 1
vacate 1
sovereignty 1
plundering 1
ships 1
taught 1
honouring 1
omens 1
weather 1
lucky 1
disguise 1
adore 1
destiny 1
chance 1
laogaire 1
opposed 1
broichan 1
magus 1
influential 1
documents 1
_druadh_ 1
leabhar 1
breac 1
infant 1
incipit 1
parentage 1
herod 1
begins 1
inquired 1
uses 1
robber 1
colonsay 1
habit 1
crossing 1
stealing 1
seals 1
bred 1
mocudruidi 1
allows 1
aid 1
spirits 1
raise 1
tempests 1
agitate 1
embarks 1
verses 1
aided 1
kinsmen 1
purity 1
false 1
supposed 1
contain 1
bel 1
popular 1
druidical 1
hierarchy 1
archdruids 1
druids 1
vates 1
eubates 1
paraphernalia 1
temples 1
human 1
sacrifices 1
converting 1
thirteenth 1
ruled 1
restricted 1
compared 1
rulers 1
attended 1
accompanied 1
retinue 1
worthy 1
psalms 1
practice 1
blame 1
_ut 1
quidam 1
dixit_ 1
coluim_ 1
whoever 1
completely 1
reach 1
168 1
169 1
170 1
173 1
174 1
175 1
176 1
179 1
180 1
181 1
182 1
_lochan 1
mor_ 1
_sruth 1
mhuilinn_ 1
184 1
185 1
186 1
187 1
pool 1
188 1
189 1
190 1
191 1
192 1
193 1
194 1
195 1
196 1
197 1
198 1
199 1
200 1
thinks 1
_moelblath_ 1
flat 1
203 1
205 1
206 1
207 1
208 1
209 1
214 1
215 1
218 1
219 1
220 1
221 1
222 1
226 1
228 1
233 1
234 1
236 1
241 1
242 1
243 1
246 1
fully 1
discussed 1
coronation 1
247 1
condictus 1
regum 1
249 1
251 1
accomplished 1
celebrating 1
solemn 1
eucharist 1
raised 1
sudden 1
rapture 1
seeming 1
looking 1
blessing 1
demand 1
understood 1
intrusted 1
ruddy 1
brightened 1
sleepeth 1
beloved 1
beaming 1
revealed 1
inmost 1
paces 1
courses 1
direction 1
eminency 1
successors 1
strict 1
indeed 1
uncertain 1
cycles 1
computation 1
supplied 1
synodal 1
relating 1
withal 1
observing 1
prophetic 1
evangelic 1
brendan 1
cried 1
columb 1
sail 1
enjoyed 1
laisren 1
feradhach 1
slight 1
tolorggain 1
talarican 1
associated 1
fordyce 1
cilltalargyn 1
kiltarlity 1
aird 1
ness 1
shire 1
extension 1
presidency 1
almost 1
personally 1
conversation 1
solemnly 1
osuald 1
field 1
fought 1
bestowed 1
observances 1
conforms 1
honorius 1
err 1
earnestly 1
exhorting 1
esteem 1
utmost 1
borders 1
wiser 1
contrary 1
calculation 1
synodical 1
result 1
admonition 1
observe 1
adhered 1
eochaidh 1
rechrann 1
rathlin 1
news 1
sixteen 1
finan 1
unlikely 1
ailbhe 1
ernan 1
yours 1
ours 1
preferred 1
prince 1
keys 1
admitted 1
decided 1
obey 1
assent 1
renouncing 1
imperfect 1
better 1
perceiving 1
rejected 1
sect 1
willing 1
comply 1
coronal 1
scotia 1
consult 1
carried 1
home 1
bones 1
reverend 1
ordering 1
interred 1
sacristy 1
villages 1
baptize 1
avarice 1
none 1
compelled 1
authorities 1
ethernanus 1
madderdyn 1
madderty 1
strathearn 1
caran 1
fetteresso 1
mearns 1
pipan 1
engaged 1
arrangements 1
comgan 1
kentigerna 1
lochalsh 1
planted 1
sunart 1
egg 1
ejected 1
extensive 1
survived 1
neachtan 1
neir 1
identified 1
deeside 1
aberdeenshire 1
nathalan 1
nachlan 1
undertaking 1
captives 1
repairs 1
dreary 1
winter 1
months 1
information 1
obtain 1
extant 1
iolan 1
marks 1
decease 1
predecessor 1
especial 1
render 1
reference 1
appropriate 1
bile 1
interment 1
goodness 1
lover 1
unity 1
everlasting 1
obliged 1
serious 1
discord 1
23d 1
september 1
seventy 1
pittenweem 1
peninsula 1
inchkeith 1
252 1
253 1
254 1
255 1
256 1
257 1
258 1
259 1
260 1
261 1
263 1
264 1
265 1
266 1
267 1
268 1
269 1
_cetrar 1
coicait 1
lotar 1
martrai 1
donnan 1
ega 1
270 1
271 1
272 1
273 1
274 1
277 1
278 1
279 1
280 1
282 1
283 1
284 1
285 1
287 1
289 1
290 1
291 1
297 1
298 1
obitus 1
laisreni 1
299 1
300 1
301 1
303 1
304 1
bass 1
305 1
306 1
307 1
308 1
310 1
311 1
313 1
dominis 1
sanctis 1
venerandis 1
segieno 1
abbati 1
cæterorum 1
successori 1
beccanoque 1
solitario 1
charo 1
carne 1
spiritu 1
fratri 1
sapientibus 1
cummianus 1
supplex 1
magnis 1
minimus 1
apologeticam 1
salutem 1
314 1
315 1
318 1
eocha 1
lismoir 1
320 1
aidain 1
saxan 1
cuirthre 1
323 1
cuimine 1
325 1
329 1
navigatio 1
colmani 1
episcop 1
reliquiis 1
insulam 1
vacce 1
albe 1
330 1
pictores 1
defuncti 1
332 1
333 1
334 1
maelruba 1
aporcrosan 1
revertitur 1
340 1
342 1
343 1
sacerdos 1
columbiensium 1
egregius 1
345 1
_tuc 1
recht 1
lecsa 1
erind 1
bliadhna 1
seo_ 1
adamnanus 1
lxxvii 1
ætatis 1
suæ 1
nonas 1
kalendis 1
octobris 1
348 1
dunchadh 1
tenuit 1
conmael 1
cilledara 1
ceode 1
351 1
352 1
353 1
354 1
biography 1
furness 1
address 1
vindicates 1
governeth 1
hath 1
unfortunately 1
terminates 1
cumbrian 1
region 1
christians 1
albeit 1
taking 1
consideration 1
restore 1
estate 1
consent 1
approached 1
spite 1
remonstrances 1
strong 1
resistance 1
shepherd 1
culross 1
makes 1
martyrologies 1
ninth 1
confessor 1
safe 1
dewi 1
maelgwyn 1
gwyned 1
cumbria 1
recalls 1
hoddam 1
woden 1
deity 1
asserted 1
mortal 1
saxons 1
descent 1
sat 1
grew 1
hill 1
remaineth 1
rich 1
flock 1
fixed 1
holdelm 1
ordaining 1
warned 1
revelation 1
justice 1
demanding 1
orkneys 1
concludes 1
mutually 1
conversed 1
concerned 1
salvation 1
farewell 1
mutual 1
never 1
christianity 1
forasmuch 1
rather 1
quit 1
adopt 1
rites 1
withdraws 1
wilfred 1
substituted 1
stead 1
northumbrians 1
bosa 1
deiri 1
bernicians 1
chair 1
promoted 1
college 1
tunberct 1
trumuini 1
wonted 1
nocturn 1
salutary 1
sacraments 1
departure 1
communion 1
blood 1
lifted 1
departed 1
joys 1
intently 1
afar 1
watch 1
tower 1
saw 1
waiting 1
ran 1
quickly 1
congregation 1
assembled 1
solemnities 1
nocturnal 1
psalmody 1
happened 1
entered 1
choirs 1
choristers 1
opening 1
sepulchre 1
sleep 1
joints 1
limbs 1
flexible 1
inform 1
dwelling 1
miraculous 1
preservation 1
gird 1
fresh 1
wrappings 1
commanded 1
wrapped 1
new 1
raiment 1
laid 1
light 1
enshrining 1
shows 1
enclosing 1
ediluald 1
pecthelm 1
white 1
increased 1
believers 1
lately 1
additional 1
prelate 1
balthere 1
tyninghame 1
sentence 1
dhia 1
gur 1
fior 1
sin_ 1
358 1
362 1
363 1
366 1
nomina 1
villarum 1
quas 1
malgunus 1
dedit 1
kentigerno 1
episcopo 1
successoribus 1
episcopis 1
368 1
371 1
373 1
374 1
375 1
376 1
377 1
378 1
379 1
382 1
383 1
384 1
385 1
386 1
387 1
388 1
389 1
390 1
391 1
tamen 1
amplius 1
tres 1
viri 1
matre 1
filio 1
extiterant 1
applicuerant 1
392 1
393 1
394 1
395 1
396 1
397 1
398 1
399 1
400 1
401 1
403 1
404 1
405 1
406 1
407 1
408 1
409 1
411 1
412 1
418 1
419 1
420 1
421 1
422 1
423 1
424 1
426 1
427 1
baltheri 1
anachoretæ 1
res 1
gestæ 1
428 1
429 1
430 1
affected 1
influences 1
bonifacius 1
wynton 1
boniface 1
ros 1
fowndyd 1
rosmarkyne 1
dowyd 1
wytht 1
kyngys 1
syne 1
cathedrale 1
murrave 1
severalle 1
quhare 1
wndyr 1
bonyface 1
lyvand 1
fergusianus 1
anachoretical 1
prefer 1
quiet 1
nilus 1
replies 1
argue 1
outward 1
infinite 1
spiritual 1
encounter 1
privacy 1
supports 1
opinion 1
isidore 1
seville 1
distinguishes 1
kinds 1
cœnobites 1
sold 1
desert 1
solitudes 1
imitation 1
elias 1
baptist 1
delighting 1
contempt 1
perfected 1
cœnobitical 1
shut 1
aspect 1
inaccessible 1
retiring 1
advancing 1
devout 1
adoption 1
secret 1
silence 1
ascend 1
leisure 1
speculation 1
lot 1
gods 1
sion 1
_deicola_ 1
memory 1
estimation 1
trained 1
solitaries 1
naked 1
feet 1
tried 1
cultus 1
simeon 1
dregmo 1
feared 1
respects 1
countrymen 1
remarkable 1
simplicity 1
innocence 1
profound 1
honour 1
worshipper 1
instituted 1
enjoins 1
retaining 1
income 1
reserve 1
moveable 1
almsgiving 1
dispose 1
please 1
wills 1
142d 1
separate 1
provided 1
aged 1
canonry 1
144th 1
cloister 1
saxon 1
canterbury 1
ethelred 1
_cultores 1
clerici_ 1
_dei_ 1
evidently 1
anchoretical 1
cuimin 1
coindeire 1
arann 1
ara 1
victory 1
narrow 1
arbreccan 1
lean 1
bath 1
cold 1
devenish 1
communicate 1
square 1
shaped 1
points 1
contact 1
larger 1
outside 1
facing 1
_deoraidh_ 1
emerged 1
succeed 1
fifth 1
provide 1
commit 1
offences 1
ferleginn 1
installed 1
hermitage 1
_aibilteoiracht 1
deoruighecht 1
third 1
lesser 1
hence 1
insula 1
viventium 1
reeves 1
maelruain 1
borrowed 1
features 1
ages 1
exhibited 1
main 1
latterly 1
latinised 1
introduces 1
older 1
serẅys 1
saynct 1
colme 1
oure 1
byschoprykis 1
renowne 1
thryd 1
reputatyowne 1
assigned 1
correct 1
mylne 1
popularly 1
432 1
433 1
435 1
436 1
437 1
438 1
eustochium 1
439 1
443 1
444 1
445 1
446 1
447 1
448 1
452 1
455 1
456 1
459 1
460 1
465 1
467 1
468 1
472 1
474 1
475 1
476 1
477 1
478 1
479 1
480 1
483 1
484 1
486 1
487 1
489 1
490 1
491 1
492 1
494 1
495 1
496 1
497 1
498 1
499 1
500 1
501 1
502 1
exists 1
rival 1
lewis 1
eigg 1
oan 1
superior 1
ego 1
_comhorba_ 1
conformity 1
ceased 1
indication 1
seghine 1
niall 1
frosach 1
airtgaile 1
assumed 1
retired 1
spent 1
seclusion 1
removal 1
colony 1
danish 1
pirates 1
repeatedly 1
ravaged 1
doomed 1
spoliation 1
spared 1
destruction 1
tenure 1
connachtach 1
mochua 1
placing 1
shrines 1
silver 1
cannot 1
separated 1
rest 1
nails 1
device 1
drawn 1
fracture 1
rebuilt 1
hillock 1
_torrabb_ 1
mount 1
pedestal 1
overhangs 1
entrenchments 1
outworks 1
strongly 1
brave 1
sacrilegious 1
bands 1
submit 1
heads 1
raging 1
confidence 1
persuaded 1
hasten 1
flight 1
refuge 1
rage 1
excite 1
servants 1
attained 1
graphically 1
augiadives 1
reichenau 1
reposes 1
displayed 1
innrechtach 1
finachta 1
fortrenn 1
petrie 1
preceding 1
primacy 1
elections 1
adrian 1
quaint 1
tale 1
constantin 1
kenneth 1
reigned 1
thurysday 1
adriane 1
slwe 1
wyth 1
mony 1
hys 1
cumpany 1
ile 1
ly 1
reasonable 1
owing 1
coincident 1
dynasty 1
dying 1
intimately 1
revolution 1
regulus 1
parochia 1
chose 1
infer 1
neighbouring 1
eremetical 1
flann 1
descendant 1
gulban 1
tornan 1
martyrology 1
506 1
508 1
pasca 1
civitate 1
commotatur 1
tonsura 1
corona 1
familiam 1
datur 1
510 1
511 1
feidhlimidh 1
tenet 1
512 1
cillenius 1
longus 1
primatum 1
successit 1
513 1
514 1
517 1
adamnani 1
reliquie 1
transferuntur 1
renovatur 1
520 1
droichtigh 1
ancorite 1
521 1
522 1
523 1
524 1
525 1
526 1
527 1
dimersio 1
familiæ 1
528 1
_bass_ 1
congaile 1
529 1
reuersio 1
530 1
_feidhlimidh 1
abb 1
iar 1
secht 1
mbliadhna 1
ochtmoghat 1
aeisi 1
531 1
532 1
533 1
535 1
536 1
muredach 1
huairgaile 1
equominus 1
periit 1
537 1
maighe 1
luinge 1
538 1
539 1
noe 1
artgal 1
conacht 1
defunctus 1
adventus 1
filiorum 1
eirc 1
civitatem 1
543 1
vastatio 1
omnium 1
insolarum 1
britanniæ 1
gentibus 1
bresal 1
segeni 1
principatus 1
sui 1
545 1
546 1
constructio 1
novæ 1
civitatis 1
ceninnus_ 1
finita 1
constructione 1
templi 1
cenindsa 1
reliquit 1
diarmitius 1
alumpus 1
daigri 1
pro 1
547 1
548 1
549 1
550 1
treno 1
deilgge 1
erce 1
slane 1
finniain 1
cluaina 1
irard 1
ultani 1
coimgin 1
mochuæ 1
culugedon 1
scrin 1
oir 1
airgid_ 1
ronain 1
arca 1
auri 1
argenti 1
553 1
554 1
555 1
556 1
involutum 1
novo 1
amictu 1
corpus 1
levique 1
reconditum 1
pavimentum 1
sanctuarii 1
composuerunt 1
558 1
560 1
561 1
562 1
ss 1
563 1
565 1
566 1
567 1
sarcophagus 1
terræ 1
cespite 1
abditus 1
568 1
570 1
_diarmait 1
dul 1
albain 1
cominnaib 1
coluim 1
571 1
572 1
575 1
_innrechtach 1
tiachtain 1
nerenn 1
commindaib 1
marcii 1
saxones 1
martirizatur 1
576 1
577 1
578 1
580 1
cilledaro 1
regione 1
pictorum 1
581 1
583 1
584 1
586 1
587 1
589 1
590 1
591 1
592 1
593 1
596 1
597 1
feradach 1
601 1
602 1
603 1
604 1
servitude 1
late 1
act 1
follows 1
petty 1
chieftains 1
instructive 1
leinster 1
flaithbheartach 1
brolchain 1
previously 1
enslaved 1
issue 1
decree 1
mormaers 1
toiseachs 1
constituted 1
organisation 1
designated 1
_epscop 1
alban_ 1
introduction 1
testimony 1
chroniclers 1
grant 1
styled 1
actual 1
_deorad_ 1
murcertach 1
elect 1
dubtach 1
robartach 1
caen 1
comhrac 1
malisius 1
indulph 1
chronicle 1
fothadh 1
ferdalaig 1
downpatrick 1
hy 1
_martra_ 1
beauteous 1
eleventh 1
beginning 1
repeats 1
crime 1
alwynun 1
hereditary 1
benefices 1
retained 1
heirs 1
tuthald 1
andrewys 1
secund 1
fothawch 1
cunnand 1
devotly 1
mad 1
sacrament 1
tuk 1
gud 1
reforms 1
ecclesiastics 1
contended 1
supporters 1
husband 1
equally 1
acquainted 1
acted 1
interpreter 1
lays 1
cease 1
continue 1
instant 1
aught 1
amiss 1
expiated 1
oppose 1
weighty 1
arguments 1
burdens 1
compel 1
devoutly 1
honourably 1
liberties 1
auchterderran 1
rebuilds 1
donnchad 1
moenaig 1
corner 1
charitable 1
prosperity 1
affluence 1
chele 1
1200 1
neachtain 1
sages 1
cele 1
chronicon 1
elegiacum 1
606 1
609 1
611 1
614 1
615 1
617 1
_aonghas 1
muirchertaigh 1
saoi 1
angcoire 1
tanaisi 1
abbaidh 1
iae_ 1
621 1
dubscuile 1
cineda 1
_comhorba 1
622 1
scot 1
626 1
627 1
628 1
629 1
630 1
631 1
632 1
633 1
634 1
635 1
636 1
639 1
640 1
641 1
maelbrigda 1
hua 1
rimedha 1
642 1
643 1
644 1
645 1
647 1
648 1
649 1
650 1
652 1
653 1
654 1
655 1
656 1
_maelduin 1
gillaodran 1
epscop 1
ordan 1
gaedel 1
cleircib_ 1
658 1
660 1
662 1
663 1
665 1
666 1
667 1
671 1
672 1
_dubhtach 1
albannach 1
prim 1
anmchara 1
albain_ 1
674 1
_abbas 1
ia_ 1
_mac 1
baetan 1
domarbhadh 1
ind 1
_hua 1
maeldoradh_ 1
675 1
speaking 1
scottorum 1
sic 1
quippe 1
antiquo 1
andreæ 1
scriptis 1
antiquis 1
modernis 1
invenientur 1
archiepiscopi 1
sive 1
unde 1
conscribi 1
fecit 1
maxime 1
vir 1
authoritatis 1
versus 1
istos 1
hanc 1
thecam 1
aviti 1
scotis 1
summus 1
679 1
681 1
682 1
683 1
684 1
686 1
687 1
688 1
689 1
690 1
691 1
causes 1
reverted 1
manor 1
document 1
ednam 1
sees 1
created 1
named 1
revived 1
civilly 1
ecclesiastically 1
england 1
owed 1
suffragans 1
archbishop 1
gilda 1
aldan 1
soon 1
reconstituted 1
succeeding 1
disappears 1
deer 1
turiff 1
andreas 1
cataness 1
clerical 1
element 1
reduced 1
deed 1
establishing 1
precentor 1
chancellor 1
treasurer 1
predecessors 1
ministering 1
poverty 1
hostilities 1
expense 1
dedicate 1
proportion 1
limited 1
conventual 1
superseded 1
provostry 1
kirkheugh 1
society 1
consisting 1
provost 1
prebendaries 1
monimusk 1
mar 1
loychel 1
alexander 1
dropped 1
1245 1
munimusk 1
innocent 1
iv 1
convent 1
munimusc 1
augustine 1
huntingdon 1
lindores 1
buchan 1
fyvie 1
priory 1
arbroath 1
abbacies 1
_abthens_ 1
1218 1
1248 1
ecclesiastic 1
custody 1
pastoral 1
coygerach 1
inquest 1
kandrochid 1
killin 1
22d 1
1428 1
relique 1
hereditarily 1
progenitor 1
finlay 1
jore 1
jury 1
felan 1
privileges 1
bruce 1
obvious 1
relation 1
glendochart 1
1487 1
servitour 1
malice 1
doïre 1
ane 1
sanct 1
fulane 1
quegrith 1
keping 1
progenitors 1
since 1
bruys 1
answer 1
persone 1
spirituale 1
temporale 1
ony 1
charging 1
sundry 1
mak 1
impediment 1
letting 1
distroublance 1
throch 1
contre 1
wount 1
lorn 1
kilbride 1
1251 1
eugenius 1
knight 1
_erregeithill_ 1
penny 1
exactions 1
witnessed 1
gillemeluoc 1
kilmun 1
mund 1
deowray 1
attached 1
muckairn 1
kilvarie 1
crozier 1
kept 1
possessors 1
portion 1
1518 1
campbell 1
calder 1
receives 1
services 1
clans 1
sworn 1
mess 1
buik 1
callit 1
_arwachyll_ 1
isl 1
kilmolrue 1
township 1
ballindore 1
_baile 1
deoradh_ 1
_deoradh_ 1
dewar 1
r 1
694 1
696 1
700 1
701 1
702 1
703 1
705 1
706 1
708 1
709 1
714 1
715 1
719 1
720 1
721 1
723 1
726 1
728 1
729 1
731 1
732 1
733 1
735 1
736 1
738 1
739 1
740 1
741 1
744 1
745 1
746 1
748 1
749 1
750 1
751 1
753 1
755 1
756 1
gallgaedelaib_ 1
dumblaan 1
gallgael 1
760 1
761 1
762 1
763 1
764 1
765 1
766 1
768 1
769 1
770 1
771 1
maluog 1
774 1
779 1
780 1
783 1
785 1
finnian 1
renowned 1
foreign 1
willingly 1
supply 1
gratuitously 1
daily 1
food 1
furnish 1
charge 1
osuiu 1
ecgfrid 1
scripture 1
studying 1
letters 1
considerable 1
voluntary 1
acquiring 1
senan 1
stricter 1
improving 1
pupils 1
sanctity 1
perfection 1
prefect 1
anonymous 1
ferdomnach 1
instance 1
torbach 1
compilation 1
headings 1
missing 1
chapters 1
discovery 1
farther 1
margin 1
owes 1
patraicc 1
nemthur 1
tales 1
accords 1
referred 1
black 1
caermarthen 1
germanus 1
tyrrhene 1
therein 1
meditated 1
german 1
declare 1
concluding 1
lines 1
blaze 1
splendid 1
stainless 1
countless 1
thousands 1
shelter 1
wretchedness 1
24th 1
august 1
ninety 1
_sen 1
patraic_ 1
st 1
agreement 1
authority 1
ferleighinn 1
ferlanus 1
schools 1
scholars 1
hereafter 1
move 1
scolocs 1
scoloc 1
charters 1
_sacart_ 1
lecturer 1
_aircennech_ 1
erenagh 1
_fosaircennech_ 1
vice 1
erenach 1
_toisech 1
scoloc_ 1
scologs 1
aengus 1
gamhna 1
ogham 1
mainly 1
confined 1
inscriptions 1
monuments 1
occasionally 1
mss 1
scandinavian 1
runes 1
clearly 1
post 1
provinces 1
sayings 1
current 1
accent 1
propriety 1
vocables 1
intelligible 1
vernacular 1
recollected 1
usually 1
obsolete 1
glossaries 1
volume 1
dialect 1
solecisms 1
english 1
languages 1
_scotica_ 1
teutonic 1
_theutonica_ 1
occupy 1
seaboard 1
plains 1
speech 1
_scoticæ 1
linguæ_ 1
inhabits 1
outlying 1
macgregor 1
endeavoured 1
rescue 1
oblivion 1
oral 1
transcribing 1
1512 1
collect 1
fain 1
phonetic 1
spelling 1
valuable 1
indicating 1
pronunciation 1
degree 1
divergence 1
standard 1
contains 1
bards 1
og 1
huggin 1
1448 1
preceptor 1
1554 1
coffey 1
teacher 1
contract 1
fosterage 1
roderick 1
macleod 1
1614 1
evident 1
resort 1
writer 1
irishman 1
subscribes 1
witnesses 1
respectively 1
ministers 1
duirinish 1
bracadale 1
786 1
tigernaci 1
endæ 1
787 1
795 1
797 1
798 1
_aedo_ 1
anachorite 1
_o 1
sleibhtiu_ 1
802 1
804 1
todd 1
ablative 1
rege 1
805 1
809 1
810 1
811 1
_neutur_ 1
welsh 1
_nentur_ 1
article 1
_n 1
ewry_ 1
lies 1
local 1
turris 1
_endrum_ 1
collis 1
mahee 1
_entreb_ 1
domus 1
antrim 1
irreconcilable 1
dumbarton 1
disguised 1
accidental 1
line 1
816 1
threescore 1
feni 1
817 1
kt 1
septembris 1
immaig 1
aingil 1
imme 1
oc 1
irnaigte 1
821 1
822 1
824 1
826 1
827 1
828 1
830 1
831 1
cultivation 1
scrap 1
edge 1
moor 1
raises 1
kail 1
colworts 1
barley 1
potatoes 1
835 1
838 1
839 1
840 1
842 1
843 1
844 1
846 1
847 1
848 1
codiculum 1
autem 1
alium 1
stilo 1
scottico 1
dictatum 1
reperi 1
per 1
totum 1
solæcismis 1
scattentem 1
_pref 1
850 1
854 1
855 1
856 1
_ais 1
eiridh 1
sean 1
chanoin 1
albanaich 1
nuadh 1
oranaiche 1
gaidhealach 1
857 1
1397 1
certainly 1
transcription 1
remarkably 1
representing 1
_such 1
reader 1
natural 1
moses 1
amram 1
abundance 1
twas 1
genesis 1
friendly 1
rightful 1
therefrom 1
reckoned 1
certifies 1
ex 1
fide 1
abrahæ 1
imitate 1
enjoined 1
required 1
wealth 1
delight 1
ways 1
friendship 1
firstly 1
inciting 1
inflaming 1
serve 1
anthony 1
yonder 1
egypt 1
preceptors 1
gentiles 1
net 1
harbour 1
clamaverunt 1
dominum 1
tribular 1
u 1
ntur 1
necessitatibus 1
eorum 1
liberavit 1
eos 1
israel 1
experience 1
tribulations 1
implore 1
beseech 1
igitur 1
divina 1
gratia 1
instinctus 1
mandatum 1
fuerat 1
imperatum 1
domino 1
implevit 1
exiit 1
mortuus 1
pater 1
ejus 1
inde 1
transmigravit 1
terram 1
repromissionis 1
prompted 1
commandment 1
thence 1
modes 1
reward 1
abstains 1
yearns 1
performed 1
fruit 1
arises 1
vain 1
separating 1
tua 1
returning 1
openly 1
avoid 1
didst 1
foot 1
draws 1
zeal 1
although 1
happens 1
spend 1
countries 1
detain 1
usefulness 1
carnality 1
comprehends 1
altogether 1
promised 1
vos 1
dereliquistis 1
propter 1
patrem 1
matrem 1
uxorem 1
filios 1
filias 1
agrum 1
quae 1
habere 1
potuistis 1
centuplum 1
accipietis 1
hoc 1
saeculo 1
vitam 1
eternam 1
futuro 1
abandoned 1
pleasures 1
perpetual 1
proclaiming 1
advena 1
te 1
domine 1
peregrinus 1
sicut 1
patres 1
mei 1
gaidel 1
particulars 1
innumerable 1
prodigies 1
wrought 1
ultimately 1
victorious 1
career 1
reaching 1
paradise 1
presence 1
ask 1
wondered 1
asked 1
ard 1
stratha 1
buite 1
bronach 1
hour 1
discover 1
grave 1
union 1
thought 1
shouldst 1
exhibit 1
fitter 1
garment 1
signifies 1
eithne 1
interpretation 1
gift 1
mile 1
often 1
distance 1
hours 1
diseases 1
subjugation 1
chastisement 1
girdle 1
_dant 1
duile 1
geir 1
recites 1
lying 1
getting 1
lightning 1
nine 1
wishes 1
_simul_ 1
dermach 1
custodian 1
liathain 1
tarried 1
door 1
began 1
predicting 1
fate 1
floor 1
depart 1
threshold 1
twill 1
fratricide 1
ossine 1
cluain 1
mor 1
fir 1
arda 1
soever 1
obliterated 1
_sord_ 1
_polaires_ 1
satchels 1
implements 1
sings 1
danger 1
ago 1
morrow 1
mothairen 1
headship 1
patronage 1
comarbship 1
cenel 1
manifested 1
_recles_ 1
sord 1
loud 1
occurred 1
rightfully 1
eulogies 1
across 1
es 1
ruaidh 1
dispute 1
roots 1
clay 1
consecrate 1
odran 1
rose 1
obediently 1
accept 1
ready 1
meditation 1
manual 1
killed 1
thousand 1
girls 1
shout 1
port 1
whereupon 1
blackened 1
cloth 1
collar 1
hood 1
cape 1
prophesied 1
certify 1
finds 1
peaceable 1
cranes 1
druim 1
ceta 1
plainly 1
hast 1
furiously 1
punishment 1
evils 1
treasures 1
transitory 1
rhetoric 1
pursue 1
pleasing 1
matins 1
whatsoever 1
rise 1
chains 1
prison 1
mine 1
shalt 1
rents 1
arms 1
verified 1
ripe 1
wonderment 1
past 1
liked 1
wish 1
whitsuntide 1
lamenting 1
whilst 1
alive 1
wished 1
thereby 1
fifties 1
lie 1
round 1
clothing 1
blow 1
meat 1
savoury 1
forguill 1
genuflexions 1
_saith_ 1
sufficiency 1
_innmus_ 1
habitation 1
fulness 1
mass 1
chalice 1
explains 1
chess 1
board 1
crimthann 1
nia 1
nair 1
yellow 1
findruine 1
purchase 1
_cumhals_ 1
_athair_ 1
_coibige_ 1
_coimfige_ 1
weaving 1
_figim_ 1
weave 1
_do 1
erail_ 1
persuade 1
861 1
862 1
867 1
868 1
_fuaratar_ 1
_co 1
rainic_ 1
separates 1
absence 1
879 1
_no 1
aithebad_ 1
_and 1
that_ 1
_denam_ 1
887 1
889 1
890 1
892 1
893 1
894 1
brief 1
897 1
898 1
899 1
_tarcus 1
_taircfid_ 1
900 1
901 1
902 1
_conad 1
annsin 1
raid 1
mochta_ 1
904 1
905 1
906 1
907 1
909 1
910 1
912 1
_tórindfess_ 1
mark 1
916 1
figured 1
917 1
918 1
919 1
921 1
_ben 1
formaid 1
iom 1
thnuith_ 1
jealousy 1
923 1
924 1
925 1
926 1
928 1
nursed 1
929 1
930 1
931 1
looked 1
932 1
933 1
anair_ 1
936 1
939 1
940 1
941 1
942 1
carraic_ 1
943 1
_conepil 1
thereof 1
944 1
_ar 1
ni 1
fhitir 1
nach 1
ina 1
chotlud 1
bói_ 1
asleep 1
945 1
remembering 1
946 1
948 1
awaken 1
949 1
resuscitate 1
950 1
951 1
952 1
953 1
955 1
956 1
957 1
958 1
correctly 1
represented 1
959 1
feast 1
960 1
961 1
_rogab 1
imon 1
sinaind_ 1
actually 1
mean 1
shannon 1
clause 1
965 1
aniar_ 1
967 1
970 1
971 1
972 1
973 1
974 1
975 1
976 1
anciently 1
_daire 1
calgaig_ 1
calgach 1
977 1
978 1
979 1
980 1
_conderna_ 1
984 1
985 1
986 1
inad 1
boinged 1
fidh_ 1
987 1
988 1
989 1
990 1
præceptum 1
_procecht_ 1
express 1
991 1
992 1
993 1
994 1
luck 1
996 1
997 1
quid 1
detineat 1
delayed 1
1003 1
_ard_ 1
important 1
1004 1
1007 1
1008 1
1009 1
1010 1
1012 1
1013 1
1014 1
1015 1
1017 1
1018 1
1019 1
1020 1
1021 1
drowned 1
1023 1
1024 1
humility 1
1025 1
1029 1
palmarium 1
remind 1
dombey 1
inquiry 1
waves 1
matainse_ 1
1032 1
1033 1
1038 1
1039 1
1040 1
_recles 1
1044 1
1045 1
1047 1
1048 1
1049 1
1050 1
1051 1
1052 1
1053 1
1054 1
1059 1
1060 1
1061 1
1062 1
1066 1
1067 1
1068 1
1069 1
1071 1
1072 1
1077 1
1078 1
demon 1
_ba 1
format 1
demun 1
inni 1
sin 1
1079 1
struck 1
1080 1
1081 1
1082 1
1083 1
1084 1
_recholl_ 1
occurs 1
_dligeadh 1
easbuic_ 1
dues 1
1085 1
1087 1
_meic 1
bachlach_ 1
rusticorum 1
proles 1
1088 1
1089 1
1090 1
_longad_ 1
eating 1
1091 1
satiety 1
1092 1
1093 1
1094 1
1095 1
1096 1
1097 1
_anradh_ 1
_anrúth_ 1
nomen 1
secundi 1
poetarum 1
1098 1
_ro 1
bai 1
1100 1
1101 1
1102 1
1103 1
sty 1
pen 1
1104 1
scarcity 1
1107 1
c 1
_re 1
la_ 1
1109 1
1110 1
avenge 1
_go 1
mairfed 1
é_ 1
kill 1
1111 1
_aire_ 1
conference 1
properly 1
narrower 1
1112 1
_na 1
clerig_ 1
1113 1
1114 1
broken 1
1115 1
1116 1
1117 1
generally 1
_righ 1
oinmhid_ 1
simpleton 1
1118 1
1119 1
welcome 1
1120 1
promises 1
1121 1
1122 1
rigain_ 1
1123 1
consented 1
1129 1
marsh 1
herons 1
1130 1
1131 1
1132 1
1133 1
1134 1
1136 1
attend 1
1139 1
1140 1
1141 1
vat 1
1143 1
1144 1
1145 1
1146 1
approval 1
1147 1
_teora 1
mná 1
maccoem 1
óc_ 1
bosom 1
1149 1
tribute 1
1150 1
1151 1
1153 1
sheltering 1
1154 1
viii 1
_loscind_ 1
translate 1
frogs 1
toads 1
1155 1
1156 1
1157 1
1158 1
1160 1
1162 1
gentilism 1
1164 1
1165 1
minister 1
ministrator 1
1166 1
1167 1
1169 1
_ler_ 1
understand 1
seashore 1
1174 1
1175 1
1178 1
completeness 1
_comlan_ 1
lebor 1
huidre_ 1
_nisbeir_ 1
crew 1
1185 1
thine 1
wants 1
secondly 1
share 1
_work_ 1
lastly 1
help 1
sewing 1
want 1
dominus 1
ait 1
apparebis 1
vacuus 1
laudian 1
omitted 1
aberde 1
galeweye 1
cymric 1
scone 1
chronicles 1
corrected 1
noted 1
