The Longest Sentence by number of characters: Let him be a fugitive slave in a strange land—a land
given up to be the hunting-ground for slaveholders—whose inhabitants
are legalized kidnappers—where he is every moment subjected to the
terrible liability of being seized upon by his fellowmen, as the
hideous crocodile seizes upon his prey!—I say, let him place himself in
my situation—without home or friends—without money or credit—wanting
shelter, and no one to give it—wanting bread, and no money to buy
it,—and at the same time let him feel that he is pursued by merciless
men-hunters, and in total darkness as to what to do, where to go, or
where to stay,—perfectly helpless both as to the means of defence and
means of escape,—in the midst of plenty, yet suffering the terrible
gnawings of hunger,—in the midst of houses, yet having no home,—among
fellow-men, yet feeling as if in the midst of wild beasts, whose
greediness to swallow up the trembling and half-famished fugitive is
only equalled by that with which the monsters of the deep swallow up
the helpless fish upon which they subsist,—I say, let him be placed in
this most trying situation,—the situation in which I was placed,—then,
and not till then, will he fully appreciate the hardships of, and know
how to sympathize with, the toil-worn and whip-scarred fugitive slave.
The Shortest Sentence by number of words: BOSTON

The Longest Word: misrepresented
Top 10 most occurance of characters: 
1. e 364
2. t 254
3. o 233
4. a 224
5. i 219
6. h 212
7. n 207
8. s 194
9. r 167
10. l 151
Most often words: 
the 42
and 29
chapter 22
of 18
in 13
to 12
i 10
you 9
my 9
he 9
is 8
with 8
that 8
as 8
a 7
no 6
not 6
be 6
gone 6
where 5
would 5
s 5
me 5
this 5
it 4
soul 4
him 4
there 4
his 4
so 3
_ 3
they 3
following 3
if 3
on 3
day 3
shall 3
will 3
do 3
others 3
had 3
we 3
from 3
slave 3
for 3
us 3
boston 2
january 2
15 2
ii 2
iii 2
iv 2
v 2
vi 2
vii 2
viii 2
ix 2
x 2
xi 2
appendix 2
parody 2
what 2
other 2
union 2
lloyd 2
remember 2
lion 2
should 2
when 2
then 2
words 2
impressed 2
let 2
through 2
only 2
yes 2
sir 2
well 2
enough 2
such 2
have 2
d 2
are 2
sold 2
rice 2
swamp 2
dank 2
lone 2
whip 2
her 2
upon 2
but 2
out 2
an 2
than 2
which 2
ye 2
their 2
narrative 1
life 1
frederick 1
douglass 1
25 1
cornhill 1
1845 1
born 1
1929 1
officially 1
celebrated 1
20 1
1992 1
contents 1
preface 1
importance 1
put 1
scale 1
slaveholders 1
garrison 1
dear 1
friend 1
old 1
fable 1
man 1
complained 1
misrepresented 1
lions 1
wrote 1
history 1
_till 1
ever 1
yours 1
truly 1
wendell 1
phillips 1
sing 1
most 1
exultingly 1
o 1
any 1
one 1
wishes 1
killing 1
effects 1
slavery 1
go 1
colonel 1
plantation 1
allowance 1
place 1
himself 1
deep 1
pine 1
woods 1
silence 1
analyze 1
sounds 1
pass 1
chambers 1
thus 1
because 1
flesh 1
obdurate 1
heart 1
does 1
work 1
too 1
hard 1
don 1
t 1
give 1
eat 1
gives 1
heard 1
laughingly 1
saying 1
among 1
things 1
was 1
benefactor 1
country 1
company 1
much 1
done 1
relieved 1
niggers 1
mistress 1
teaching 1
alphabet 1
given 1
_inch 1
precaution 1
could 1
prevent 1
taking 1
_ell 1
language 1
poet 1
whittier 1
ceaseless 1
swings 1
noisome 1
insect 1
stings 1
fever 1
demon 1
strews 1
poison 1
falling 1
dews 1
sickly 1
sunbeams 1
glare 1
hot 1
misty 1
air 1
virginia 1
hills 1
waters 1
woe 1
stolen 1
daughters 1
seen 1
tie 1
up 1
lame 1
young 1
woman 1
heavy 1
cowskin 1
naked 1
shoulders 1
causing 1
warm 1
red 1
blood 1
drip 1
justification 1
bloody 1
deed 1
quote 1
passage 1
scripture 1
knoweth 1
master 1
doeth 1
beaten 1
many 1
stripes 1
thoughts 1
compel 1
utterance 1
audience 1
almighty 1
pour 1
complaint 1
rude 1
way 1
apostrophe 1
moving 1
multitude 1
ships 1
better 1
coming 1
thought 1
need 1
come 1
off 1
worse 1
did 1
before 1
say 1
picture 1
sometimes 1
appalled 1
made 1
rather 1
bear 1
those 1
ills 1
fly 1
knew 1
can 1
were 1
wit 1
michael 1
talbot 1
county 1
maryland 1
damn 1
move 1
ll 1
knock 1
your 1
brains 1
michaels 1
two 1
or 1
three 1
performed 1
marriage 1
ceremony 1
gave 1
certificate 1
exact 1
copy 1
1838 1
church 1
lends 1
strength 1
spoiler 1
thine 1
even 1
also 1
outwardly 1
appear 1
righteous 1
unto 1
men 1
within 1
full 1
hypocrisy 1
iniquity 1
avenged 1
nation 1
all 1
good 1
jack 1
another 1
takes 1
entertains 1
flirts 1
rakes 1
who 1
dress 1
sleek 1
glossy 1
snakes 1
cram 1
mouths 1
sweetened 1
cakes 1
goes 1
down 1
sincerely 1
earnestly 1
hoping 1
little 1
book 1
may 1
something 1
toward 1
throwing 1
light 1
american 1
system 1
hastening 1
glad 1
deliverance 1
millions 1
brethren 1
bonds 1
faithfully 1
relying 1
power 1
truth 1
love 1
justice 1
success 1
humble 1
efforts 1
solemnly 1
pledging 1
self 1
anew 1
sacred 1
cause 1
subscribe 1
myself 1
end 1
