The Longest Sentence by number of characters: _The author embarks on board a ship bound for Cadiz--Is near
being shipwrecked--Goes to Malaga--Remarkable fine cathedral
there--The author disputes with a popish priest--Picking up
eleven miserable men at sea in returning to England--Engages
again with Doctor Irving to accompany him to Jamaica and the
Mosquito Shore--Meets with an Indian prince on board--The
author attempts to instruct him in the truths of the
Gospel--Frustrated by the bad example of some in the
ship--They arrive on the Mosquito Shore with some slaves
they purchased at Jamaica, and begin to cultivate a
plantation--Some account of the manners and customs of the
Mosquito Indians--Successful device of the author's to quell
a riot among them--Curious entertainment given by them to
Doctor Irving and the author, who leaves the shore and goes
for Jamaica--Is barbarously treated by a man with whom he
engaged for his passage--Escapes and goes to the Mosquito
admiral, who treats him kindly--He gets another vessel and
goes on board--Instances of bad treatment--Meets Doctor
Irving--Gets to Jamaica--Is cheated by his captain--Leaves
the Doctor and goes for England._

The Shortest Sentence by number of words: THE

The Longest Word: Northumberland
Top 10 most occurance of characters: 
1. e 1619
2. t 1196
3. o 1077
4. a 1064
5. n 967
6. i 946
7. s 924
8. r 862
9. h 748
10. d 535
Most often words: 
the 181
of 124
and 113
to 93
a 66
in 61
i 50
his 43
with 35
author 31
on 28
s 26
by 25
that 25
is 24
for 24
at 23
d 22
he 22
my 22
me 18
_ 17
some 17
they 17
ship 15
be 15
it 15
was 14
account 13
footnote 13
this 13
from 13
england 11
one 11
but 10
board 10
or 9
had 9
who 9
all 9
not 9
as 9
captain 8
sails 8
we 8
may 8
are 8
have 8
him 8
no 8
being 7
arrives 7
west 7
meets 7
up 7
their 7
which 7
man 7
_the 6
indies 6
remarkable 6
manner 6
men 6
were 6
footnotes 6
goes 6
will 6
them 6
these 6
doctor 6
lord 6
himself 5
new 5
among 5
when 5
our 5
after 5
more 5
thus 5
like 5
death 5
time 5
appointed 5
an 5
while 5
georgia 5
following 5
irving 5
life 4
slave 4
three 4
different 4
transactions 4
us 4
if 4
kind 4
god 4
out 4
two 4
saw 4
africa 4
where 4
sold 4
ry 4
sent 4
master 4
whom 4
another 4
slaves 4
montserrat 4
nor 4
ever 4
most 4
can 4
gave 4
jamaica 4
mosquito 4
shore 4
your 4
interesting 3
gustavus 3
vassa 3
london 3
e 3
y 3
birth 3
kidnapped 3
horrors 3
carried 3
fall 3
particular 3
admiral 3
various 3
instances 3
freedom 3
shipwrecked 3
christ 3
returning 3
petition 3
queen 3
curious 3
you 3
world 3
others 3
blood 3
earth 3
see 3
so 3
again 3
ev 3
ring 3
distress 3
expedition 3
command 3
belle 3
isle 3
could 3
thy 3
must 3
day 3
gentlemen 3
been 3
white 3
thought 3
king 3
even 3
place 3
hope 3
then 3
wish 3
island 3
those 3
poor 3
despair 3
would 3
how 3
her 3
black 3
servant 3
before 3
impositions 3
free 3
mind 3
has 3
present 3
near 3
behaviour 3
leaves 3
last 3
things 3
found 3
griefs 3
late 3
bishop 3
reverend 3
friends 3
commissioners 3
navy 3
majesty 3
olaudah 2
equiano 2
street 2
b 2
c 2
john 2
william 2
h 2
j 2
k 2
l 2
m 2
grace 2
o 2
p 2
q 2
w 2
parentage 2
sister 2
virginia 2
wonder 2
snow 2
boscawen 2
le 2
clue 2
oppression 2
cruelty 2
extortion 2
favourable 2
change 2
situation 2
commences 2
merchant 2
dreams 2
bahama 2
bank 2
martinico 2
conversion 2
faith 2
jesus 2
picking 2
eleven 2
miserable 2
sea 2
conclusion 2
country 2
manners 2
customs 2
ceremony 2
public 2
mode 2
war 2
funeral 2
countrymen 2
eaten 2
should 2
take 2
feel 2
let 2
benevolence 2
made 2
wisdom 2
ways 2
benezet 2
throughout 2
smyrna 2
frequently 2
seen 2
same 2
brought 2
leave 2
page 2
26 2
surprise 2
met 2
till 2
coast 2
barbadoes 2
breath 2
foe 2
seeing 2
sets 2
during 2
voyage 2
against 2
under 2
off 2
boy 2
much 2
danger 2
instance 2
kidnapping 2
returns 2
peace 2
there 2
here 2
perish 2
lot 2
upon 2
1763 2
address 2
planters 2
tide 2
called 2
felt 2
might 2
friend 2
comfort 2
sink 2
head 2
comes 2
without 2
surprising 2
make 2
refuge 2
power 2
yet 2
least 2
doing 2
she 2
than 2
days 2
fellow 2
through 2
many 2
success 2
human 2
nature 2
thoughts 2
scenes 2
left 2
liberty 2
bright 2
makes 2
darkness 2
ships 2
passage 2
form 2
shall 2
embarks 2
sail 2
vessel 2
providence 2
storm 2
arrive 2
dangers 2
certificate 2
very 2
engages 2
answer 2
hear 2
judgment 2
mercy 2
astonishment 2
say 2
now 2
pray 2
why 2
myself 2
happy 2
bless 2
its 2
do 2
alone 2
help 2
own 2
12 2
bad 2
gets 2
such 2
request 2
consented 2
go 2
memorial 2
sheweth 2
stand 2
march 2
lordships 2
memorialist 2
honourable 2
above 2
received 2
1787 2
honour 2
narrative 1
_written 1
2 1
4 1
10 1
union 1
middlesex 1
hospital 1
entered 1
stationer 1
hall 1
illustration 1
african_ 1
_my 1
lords 1
gentlemen_ 1
button 1
cruickshanks 1
ottobah 1
cugoano 1
stewart 1
george 1
durant 1
eyre 1
f 1
g 1
gwinep 1
hutson 1
justins 1
knight 1
lyon 1
n 1
duke 1
northumberland 1
nurse 1
r 1
walter 1
row 1
t 1
twisden 1
u 1
underwood 1
v 1
vendt 1
samuel 1
yockney 1
contents 1
celebrated 1
engagement 1
between 1
monsieur 1
threepence 1
disgust 1
forms 1
schemes 1
obtain 1
difficulties 1
administration 1
justice 1
embrenche 1
marriage 1
entertainments 1
living 1
dress 1
manufactures 1
buildings 1
commerce 1
agriculture 1
religion 1
superstition 1
natives 1
ceremonies 1
priests 1
magicians 1
discovering 1
poison 1
hints 1
concerning 1
origin 1
opinions 1
writers 1
subject 1
saying 1
any 1
cross 1
temper 1
bitter 1
herbs 1
only 1
expressions 1
remember 1
rot 1
swell 1
beast 1
look 1
round 1
exultation 1
tempered 1
gratitude 1
hath 1
nations 1
dwell 1
face 1
whose 1
neither 1
guinea 1
greeks 1
dance 1
tube 1
sometimes 1
long 1
born 1
grandeur 1
boys 1
resembles 1
musk 1
strength 1
delicious 1
scent 1
unlike 1
smell 1
rose 1
123 1
credit 1
due 1
reader 1
178 1
216 1
205 1
separation 1
meeting 1
finally 1
separated 1
places 1
incidents 1
arrival 1
effect 1
sight 1
cargo 1
dispersed 1
hunted 1
deer 1
leaf 1
whisp 1
convey 1
picture 1
watch 1
bought 1
pascal 1
terror 1
guernsey 1
louisbourg 1
1758 1
cape 1
logas 1
august 1
1759 1
dreadful 1
explosion 1
french 1
fire 1
negro 1
experiences 1
prepares 1
story 1
disaster 1
befel 1
operations 1
landing 1
siege 1
extricating 1
surrender 1
afterwards 1
france 1
hears 1
talk 1
expects 1
deptford 1
paid 1
suddenly 1
seized 1
forcibly 1
india 1
exclaimed 1
ajax 1
obey 1
light 1
shot 1
also 1
fired 1
along 1
seemed 1
wing 1
red 1
lightning 1
impetuous 1
rage 1
drowned 1
endeavouring 1
desert 1
bayonne 1
confessed 1
false 1
bill 1
sale 1
portuguese 1
mondle 1
practised 1
captivity 1
year 1
1766 1
ready 1
curse 1
bore 1
gale 1
wafted 1
prison 1
conducted 1
relieve 1
dreaded 1
eye 1
mark 1
suff 1
rings 1
tear 1
cheer 1
dull 1
unpity 1
brutes 1
repair 1
stalls 1
wretched 1
coarse 1
fare 1
thank 1
heaven 1
mis 1
er 1
sleep 1
wake 1
13th 1
february 1
mast 1
descried 1
destined 1
soon 1
beheld 1
never 1
torture 1
end 1
still 1
urges 1
usage 1
drive 1
creatures 1
seek 1
evils 1
render 1
lives 1
intolerable 1
shudd 1
horror 1
pale 1
eyes 1
aghast 1
view 1
lamentable 1
find 1
rest 1
hostility 1
hate 1
untam 1
reluctance 1
revenge 1
though 1
slow 1
plotting 1
conqueror 1
reap 1
conquest 1
rejoice 1
what 1
suffering 1
pride 1
alarmed 1
superiority 1
rival 1
attended 1
less 1
prevent 1
revenged 1
caused 1
treat 1
cruelly 1
few 1
ran 1
away 1
got 1
christened 1
intent 1
marry 1
woman 1
taken 1
thames 1
took 1
opportunity 1
shooting 1
pisterines 1
value 1
shilling 1
dubury 1
sir 1
philip 1
gibbes 1
baronet 1
16 1
_some 1
brimstone 1
hill 1
pence 1
dealing 1
islands 1
america 1
europeans 1
imposition 1
surfs 1
mulatto 1
nearly 1
murdered 1
perkins 1
savannah 1
anxious 1
boding 1
recall 1
pleasing 1
behind 1
fair 1
array 1
en 1
illumines 1
complexion 1
wealth 1
station 1
protect 1
wretch 1
howbeit 1
cast 1
certain 1
lo 1
_things_ 1
worketh 1
oftentimes 1
volume 1
ii 1
negroes 1
usual 1
venture 1
turkies 1
falls 1
ill 1
dies 1
manumission 1
something 1
peculiar 1
expresses 1
absolute 1
dominion 1
claims 1
over 1
beg 1
readers 1
full 1
length 1
9 1
once 1
vessels 1
steer 1
course 1
crew 1
preserved 1
principally 1
means 1
small 1
boat 1
quest 1
meet 1
wrecker 1
overtaken 1
terrible 1
perishing 1
thence 1
obliged 1
put 1
back 1
refit 1
attempt 1
kidnap 1
officiates 1
parson 1
bids 1
adieu 1
ix 1
phipps 1
requested 1
enough 1
give 1
service 1
readily 1
complied 1
_montserrat 1
january 1
1767 1
concern 1
turkey 1
fruitless 1
endeavours 1
procure 1
call 1
speaking 1
twenty 1
four 1
hours 1
produced 1
spiritual 1
temporal 1
sleeping 1
waking 1
admire 1
goodness 1
directing 1
blind 1
blasphemous 1
sinner 1
path 1
knew 1
just 1
instead 1
shewed 1
prayers 1
supplications 1
every 1
prodigal 1
verified 1
utter 1
miscellaneous 1
verses 1
well 1
scene 1
sorrow 1
pain 1
early 1
known 1
grew 1
grown 1
prevented 1
die 1
fly 1
orphan 1
state 1
mourn 1
forsook 1
forlorn 1
sighs 1
confin 1
trouble 1
check 1
word 1
often 1
unto 1
unhappy 1
strange 1
oppress 1
replied 1
ethiopia 1
died 1
tott 1
fence 1
bowing 1
wall 1
ere 1
since 1
oft 1
times 1
mused 1
nigh 1
birds 1
melodious 1
fill 1
air 1
thrice 1
songsters 1
compar 1
mitigation 1
afford 1
inur 1
woes 1
train 1
midst 1
perils 1
deaths 1
foes 1
said 1
quiet 1
permitted 1
deliver 1
pris 1
ner 1
bar 1
conscious 1
guilt 1
sin 1
fear 1
arraign 1
self 1
condemned 1
stood 1
lost 1
ignorant 1
righteousness 1
set 1
labours 1
forgot 1
shed 1
fasted 1
stead 1
name 1
know 1
works 1
nothing 1
ransom 1
spotless 1
lamb 1
slain 1
dy 1
law 1
gladly 1
salvation 1
bound 1
cadiz 1
malaga 1
fine 1
cathedral 1
disputes 1
popish 1
priest 1
accompany 1
indian 1
prince 1
attempts 1
instruct 1
truths 1
gospel 1
frustrated 1
example 1
purchased 1
begin 1
cultivate 1
plantation 1
indians 1
successful 1
device 1
quell 1
riot 1
entertainment 1
given 1
barbarously 1
treated 1
engaged 1
escapes 1
treats 1
kindly 1
treatment 1
cheated 1
people 1
astonished 1
calm 1
resigned 1
told 1
sovereign 1
enjoyed 1
words 1
instant 1
prop 1
bears 1
sit 1
shadow 1
whoso 1
wise 1
observe 1
understand 1
loving 1
kindness 1
unwilling 1
first 1
grant 1
reasons 1
going 1
charles 1
_musquito 1
june 1
15 1
1776 1
need 1
fury 1
began 1
subside 1
night 1
approached 1
cannot 1
stem 1
anger 1
doth 1
wild 1
horse 1
bridle 1
ride 1
_different 1
application 1
missionary 1
share 1
conduct 1
sierra 1
leona 1
terms 1
governor 1
proposal 1
good 1
possible 1
amongst 1
order 1
properly 1
immediately 1
wrote 1
letters 1
_to 1
right 1
father 1
god_ 1
robert 1
_lord 1
london_ 1
does 1
practice 1
loudly 1
language 1
scripture 1
ye 1
likewise 1
october 1
1785 1
accompanied 1
africans 1
presented 1
thanks 1
quakers 1
gracechurch 1
court 1
lombard 1
true 1
company 1
seasonable 1
exhortations 1
several 1
members 1
bride 1
bridegroom 1
taking 1
each 1
other 1
hand 1
solemn 1
audily 1
declares 1
purpose 1
integrity 1
shelter 1
impropriety 1
trust 1
entitle 1
assertion 1
dismissed 1
24 1
drew 1
humbly 1
4th 1
december 1
employment 1
warrant 1
accordingly 1
proceeded 1
execution 1
duty 1
vernon 1
proceed 1
great 1
grief 1
letter 1
dismission 1
orders 1
_london 1
21st 1
1788 1
presenting 1
behalf 1
african 1
brethren 1
graciously 1
madam 1
am 1
dutiful 1
devoted 1
x 1
advertiser 1
july 1
14 1
inserting 1
z 1
grenville 1
sharp 1
esq 1
thomas 1
clarkson 1
james 1
ramsay 1
approved 1
virtue 1
ornamental 1
themselves 1
benefactors 1
mankind 1
