The Longest Sentence by number of characters: Sending her female attendant to bring the flowers used by him on the
previous day, in order that she may use them herself as a mark of
affection, also asking for the mixture of betel nut and leaves that have
remained uneaten by him; expressing wonder at his knowledge of sexual
intercourse, and the several means of enjoyment used by him; learning
from him the sixty-four kinds of pleasure mentioned by Babhravya;
continually practising the ways of enjoyment as taught by him, and
according to his liking; keeping his secrets; telling him her own
desires and secrets; concealing her anger; never neglecting him on the
bed when he turns his face towards her; touching any parts of his body
according to his wish; kissing and embracing him when he is asleep;
looking at him with apparent anxiety when he is wrapt in thought, or
thinking of some other subject than herself; showing neither complete
shamelessness, nor excessive bashfulness when he meets her, or sees her
standing on the terrace of her house from the public road; hating his
enemies; loving those who are dear to him; showing a liking for that
which he likes; being in high or low spirits according to the state that
he is in himself; expressing a curiosity to see his wives; not
continuing her anger for a long time; suspecting even the marks and
wounds made by herself with her nails and teeth on his body to have been
made by some other woman; keeping her love for him unexpressed by words,
but showing it by deeds, and signs, and hints; remaining silent when he
is asleep, intoxicated, or sick; being very attentive when he describes
his good actions, and reciting them afterwards to his praise and
benefit; giving witty replies to him if he be sufficiently attached to
her; listening to all his stories, except those that relate to her
rivals; expressing feelings of dejection and sorrow if he sighs, yawns,
or falls down; pronouncing the words "live long" when he sneezes;
pretending to be ill, or to have the desire of pregnancy, when she feels
dejected; abstaining from praising the good qualities of any body else,
and from censuring those who possess the same faults as her own man:
wearing anything that may have been given to her by him; abstaining from
putting on her ornaments, and from taking food when he is in pain, sick,
low-spirited, or suffering from misfortune, and condoling and lamenting
with him over the same; wishing to accompany him if he happens to leave
the country himself or if he be banished from it by the King; expressing
a desire not to live after him; telling him that the whole object and
desire of her life was to be united with him; offering previously
promised sacrifices to the Deity when he acquires wealth, or has some
desire fulfilled, or when he has recovered from some illness or disease;
putting on ornaments every day; not acting too freely with him; reciting
his name and the name of his family in her songs; placing his hand on
her loins, bosom and forehead, and falling asleep after feeling the
pleasure of his touch; sitting on his lap and falling asleep there;
wishing to have a child by him; desiring not to live longer than he
does; abstaining from revealing his secrets to others; dissuading him
from vows and fasts by saying "let the sin fall upon me;" keeping vows
and fasts along with him when it is impossible to change his mind on the
subject; telling him that vows and fasts are difficult to be observed,
even by herself, when she has any dispute with him about them; looking
on her own wealth and his without any distinction; abstaining from going
to public assemblies without him, and accompanying him when he desires
her to do so; taking delight in using things previously used by him, and
in eating food that he has left uneaten; venerating his family, his
disposition, his skill in the arts, his learning, his caste, his
complexion, his native country, his friends, his good qualities, his
age, and his sweet temper; asking him to sing, and to do other such like
things, if able to do them; going to him without paying any regard to
fear, to cold, to heat, or to rain; saying with regard to the next world
that he should be her lover even there; adapting her tastes, disposition
and actions to his liking; abstaining from sorcery; disputing
continually with her mother on the subject of going to him, and, when
forcibly taken by her mother to some other place, expressing her desire
to die by taking poison, by starving herself to death, by stabbing
herself with some weapon, or by hanging herself; and lastly assuring the
man of her constancy and love by means of her agents, and receiving
money herself, but abstaining from any dispute with her mother with
regard to pecuniary matters.
The Shortest Sentence by number of words: THE

The Longest Word: characteristics
Top 10 most occurance of characters: 
1. e 3924
2. t 2742
3. o 2605
4. a 2383
5. s 2307
6. n 2271
7. i 2122
8. h 1938
9. r 1747
10. l 1234
Most often words: 
the 622
of 367
and 219
a 211
is 190
to 143
in 127
it 114
are 109
as 91
or 91
her 85
when 84
called 80
on 74
with 70
by 55
footnote 55
be 54
his 53
woman 51
man 51
for 46
this 45
other 41
follows 40
that 39
also 35
there 35
who 34
one 32
should 30
following 29
not 29
love 28
he 27
congress 26
them 25
s 24
which 24
she 24
subject 23
part 23
women 23
_ 22
may 22
from 22
some 22
thus 22
viz 21
their 21
lover 21
was 20
men 20
kinds 20
at 19
each 19
then 19
two 19
but 19
verses 19
so 18
person 18
these 18
all 18
while 17
him 17
if 17
position 17
end 16
has 16
embrace 16
have 16
kiss 16
only 15
an 14
were 14
they 14
such 14
kisses 14
body 13
being 13
into 13
places 13
place 12
pleasure 12
means 12
up 12
lingam 12
same 11
footnotes 11
after 11
made 11
according 11
ways 11
any 11
own 11
presses 11
thighs 11
kama 10
will 10
together 10
wealth 9
life 9
time 9
now 9
passion 9
both 9
girl 9
herself 9
lip 9
been 9
over 9
king 8
four 8
like 8
out 8
union 8
no 8
lovers 8
pressing 8
long 8
lower 8
nails 8
make 8
yoni 8
vatsyayana 7
work 7
about 7
dharma 7
done 7
people 7
female 7
does 7
between 7
away 7
difference 7
breasts 7
either 7
kissing 7
mouth 7
pressed 7
i 6
do 6
had 6
things 6
former 6
many 6
very 6
courtesan 6
kind 6
verse 6
persons 6
takes 6
upon 6
different 6
against 6
forcibly 6
used 6
gives 6
lips 6
turns 6
even 6
its 6
courtesans 6
money 6
sutra 5
parts 5
artha 5
art 5
hand 5
form 5
great 5
would 5
act 5
desire 5
becomes 5
united 5
particular 5
touches 5
sitting 5
return 5
wall 5
round 5
sound 5
placed 5
much 5
moreover 5
biting 5
another 5
line 5
way 5
legs 5
account 5
eunuch 5
go 5
attached 5
whose 5
wife 5
causes 5
india 4
hindoos 4
lotus 4
without 4
obtain 4
once 4
head 4
under 4
religious 4
described 4
three 4
_objection 4
_answer 4
latter 4
custom 4
taken 4
thinks 4
lastly 4
living 4
sexual 4
six 4
engaged 4
themselves 4
satisfied 4
therefore 4
occasion 4
down 4
rubbing 4
towards 4
having 4
feet 4
arms 4
bed 4
striking 4
breast 4
upper 4
those 4
marks 4
mark 4
small 4
can 4
others 4
skin 4
sides 4
teeth 4
country 4
whole 4
page 4
good 4
supposed 4
ointment 4
vous 4
gains 4
produced 3
shastra 3
london 3
what 3
short 3
attending 3
becoming 3
success 3
put 3
chapter 3
conquered 3
indra 3
gained 3
written 3
wishes 3
practice 3
acquainted 3
reason 3
true 3
married 3
gardens 3
natural 3
always 3
first 3
thing 3
introduced 3
allowed 3
hair 3
generally 3
hindoo 3
further 3
see 3
says 3
understand 3
sort 3
citizens 3
friends 3
possess 3
qualities 3
messenger 3
left 3
word 3
unions 3
coition 3
consciousness 3
regard 3
semen 3
feel 3
use 3
come 3
touching 3
lonely 3
standing 3
bodies 3
above 3
makes 3
twining 3
foot 3
order 3
jaghana 3
middle 3
eyes 3
case 3
touch 3
moves 3
tongue 3
hands 3
authors 3
bent 3
face 3
holding 3
turned 3
mind 3
thigh 3
forms 3
half 3
ancient 3
bitten 3
sit 3
liking 3
raises 3
held 3
before 3
whom 3
sometimes 3
results 3
last 3
acts 3
blow 3
puts 3
given 3
ii 3
words 3
gain 3
mentioned 3
re 3
meaning 3
modern 3
avarice 3
gaining 3
become 3
getting 3
through 3
losses 3
science 3
transcriber 2
note 2
seven 2
society 2
private 2
works 2
type 2
describe 2
most 2
however 2
portion 2
close 2
himself 2
intelligent 2
slave 2
passions 2
everything 2
again 2
copy 2
commentary 2
library 2
named 2
vishaladeva 2
fact 2
here 2
ends 2
kings 2
second 2
family 2
hundred 2
heads 2
fifth 2
1 2
acquisition 2
iii 2
2 2
etc 2
virtue 2
spoken 2
laws 2
4 2
think 2
student 2
householder 2
afterwards 2
ramayana 2
unknown 2
gautama 2
story 2
mahabarata 2
referred 2
told 2
arts 2
studied 2
author 2
parties 2
brahman 2
garden 2
nature 2
performed 2
morning 2
rule 2
ten 2
pair 2
drama 2
characteristics 2
common 2
we 2
precepts 2
state 2
females 2
friend 2
possible 2
retained 2
wealthy 2
well 2
technical 2
definition 2
perhaps 2
special 2
enjoyed 2
31 2
term 2
apply 2
dimensions 2
nine 2
force 2
carnal 2
lust 2
satisfaction 2
working 2
acting 2
derive 2
marry 2
ever 2
suitable 2
high 2
said 2
better 2
than 2
low 2
prepared 2
must 2
front 2
alongside 2
bends 2
something 2
piercing 2
slowly 2
pillar 2
creeper 2
tree 2
slightly 2
sut 2
looks 2
passes 2
shoulders 2
lie 2
mixture 2
thinking 2
pain 2
lap 2
water 2
nail 2
finger 2
forehead 2
rules 2
young 2
anything 2
nominal 2
little 2
throbbing 2
brought 2
direct 2
contact 2
straight 2
chin 2
show 2
intention 2
loves 2
transferred 2
coming 2
toe 2
whatever 2
returned 2
_i 2
e 2
strikes 2
eight 2
curved 2
neck 2
leaf 2
blue 2
lessened 2
appear 2
times 2
seen 2
ajunta 2
where 2
bite 2
portions 2
full 2
keeps 2
yawning 2
clasping 2
begun 2
contracted 2
shoulder 2
stretches 2
enjoys 2
altogether 2
southern 2
countries 2
friendship 2
hearts 2
various 2
best 2
giving 2
rubbed 2
during 2
covering 2
seem 2
still 2
beginning 2
though 2
connection 2
keep 2
45 2
47 2
right 2
eye 2
house 2
begins 2
mankind 2
48 2
few 2
lines 2
signs 2
try 2
certain 2
marriage 2
affection 2
meet 2
frequently 2
iv 2
allen 2
co 2
1881 2
gods 2
heart 2
accepted 2
settled 2
authority 2
lost 2
carefully 2
tout 2
efforts 2
quand 2
voit 2
aime 2
welfare 2
70 2
south 2
capital 2
invisible 2
71 2
influence 2
72 2
desires 2
fear 2
wives 2
delight 2
gifts 2
application 2
enjoyment 2
houses 2
purpose 2
known 2
give 2
festivals 2
temples 2
tanks 2
leading 2
too 2
obtains 2
present 2
result 2
spent 2
considering 2
want 2
seek 2
practised 2
world 2
mother 2
holy 2
reading 2
shall 2
_ready 2
bruce 1
albrecht 1
carla 1
foust 1
jon 1
noring 1
online 1
distributed 1
proofreading 1
team 1
https 1
www 1
pgdp 1
net 1
preface 1
introduction 1
reprint 1
_cosmopoli 1
mdccclxxxiii 1
benares 1
circulation 1
dedicated 1
besides 1
treatise 1
procurable 1
venus 1
represented 1
greeks 1
stand 1
forth 1
beauty 1
padmini 1
perfect 1
feminine 1
excellence 1
certificate 1
chief 1
pundit 1
took 1
correct 1
majority 1
copies 1
agreed 1
writes 1
knowing 1
procured 1
evidently 1
transcript 1
manuscript 1
chaulukyan 1
elicited 1
sentence 1
relating 1
powerful 1
hero 1
arjuna 1
jewel 1
chaulukya 1
fifty 1
chapters 1
severally 1
remaining 1
third 1
fourth 1
seventh 1
separately 1
expounded 1
merit 1
fully 1
5 1
volume 1
talboys 1
wheeler 1
history 1
edicts 1
asoka 1
property 1
defined 1
repeatedly 1
manu 1
3 1
certainly 1
materialists 1
seemed 1
bird 1
worth 1
bush 1
stages 1
hermit 1
sunyasi 1
devotee 1
6 1
bali 1
demon 1
throne 1
overcome 1
vishnu 1
incarnation 1
name 1
dandaka 1
forest 1
celebrated 1
cursed 1
subsequently 1
afflicted 1
thousand 1
ulcers 1
10 1
ravana 1
epic 1
poems 1
vyasa 1
valmiki 1
11 1
prove 1
based 1
perfectly 1
12 1
proviso 1
applies 1
teachers 1
citizen 1
13 1
_festivals 1
_social 1
gatherings 1
_drinking 1
_going 1
picnics 1
_other 1
social 1
diversions 1
meant 1
dweller 1
city 1
latin 1
urbanus 1
opposed 1
rusticus 1
14 1
gift 1
peculiar 1
conquest 1
kshatrya 1
purchase 1
deposit 1
acquiring 1
belongs 1
vaishya 1
15 1
flowers 1
16 1
quails 1
partridges 1
parrots 1
starlings 1
c 1
17 1
calls 1
18 1
colour 1
lac 1
19 1
instead 1
soap 1
until 1
mahomedans 1
20 1
days 1
pincers 1
21 1
characters 1
explained 1
22 1
noonday 1
sleep 1
summer 1
nights 1
23 1
information 1
edward 1
moor 1
pantheon 1
wilson 1
vesya 1
disregarded 1
obligation 1
law 1
character 1
reared 1
manners 1
unfriendly 1
admission 1
wedded 1
opening 1
expense 1
reputation 1
trained 1
association 1
personal 1
mental 1
acquirements 1
matron 1
stranger 1
26 1
description 1
pithamarda 1
professor 1
received 1
confidant 1
27 1
seat 1
letter 1
t 1
dissipated 1
instructor 1
entertaining 1
companion 1
attributes 1
excite 1
mirth 1
ridiculous 1
age 1
attire 1
reference 1
thugs 1
occasions 1
widow 1
probably 1
husband 1
maritalement 1
say 1
france 1
nayika 1
throughout 1
_kinds 1
equal 1
corresponding 1
unequal 1
correspond 1
table 1
shows 1
evident 1
males 1
cease 1
emission 1
derived 1
fall 1
falls 1
continually 1
fallen 1
wish 1
discontinuance 1
34 1
me 1
am 1
objection 1
groundless 1
acted 1
because 1
naturally 1
perform 1
35 1
36 1
_on 1
learned 1
humanities 1
opinion 1
33 1
ones 1
male 1
satisfy 1
injuring 1
difficult 1
jules 1
guyot 1
feels 1
greater 1
lesser 1
degree 1
thoroughly 1
absolutely 1
necessary 1
study 1
know 1
dough 1
baking 1
intercourse 1
indicates 1
mutual 1
pretext 1
goes 1
pick 1
pierces 1
hold 1
walking 1
dark 1
public 1
resort 1
rub 1
meeting 1
clinging 1
twines 1
hers 1
embraces 1
lovingly 1
back 1
sounds 1
singing 1
cooing 1
climb 1
climbing 1
closely 1
encircled 1
sesamum 1
seed 1
rice 1
hurt 1
entering 1
milk 1
suvarnanabha 1
us 1
embracing 1
simple 1
members 1
mounts 1
practise 1
scratching 1
loose 1
flowing 1
middling 1
wheel 1
set 1
motion 1
setting 1
aside 1
bashfulness 1
object 1
shut 1
asleep 1
kindles 1
business 1
quarrelling 1
looking 1
else 1
reflection 1
mirror 1
showing 1
child 1
picture 1
image 1
figure 1
presence 1
beloved 1
night 1
theatre 1
assembly 1
caste 1
shampooing 1
sleepy 1
inflame 1
demonstrative 1
strike 1
size 1
softly 1
scratch 1
erect 1
sounding 1
impressed 1
moon 1
tiger 1
five 1
near 1
nipple 1
jump 1
hare 1
hips 1
remind 1
passages 1
37 1
covered 1
painting 1
caves 1
find 1
royal 1
ladies 1
exposed 1
shown 1
excessive 1
redness 1
hidden 1
swollen 1
point 1
points 1
jewels 1
aparatika 1
lat 1
more 1
impetuous 1
years 1
wide 1
apart 1
engages 1
useful 1
highest 1
lowest 1
mare 1
across 1
rising 1
bosom 1
stretched 1
continues 1
alternately 1
splitting 1
bamboo 1
stomach 1
crab 1
raised 1
packed 1
shanks 1
support 1
engage 1
supported 1
supports 1
joined 1
underneath 1
throws 1
putting 1
waist 1
leaning 1
suspended 1
equally 1
herd 1
cows 1
anus 1
usage 1
individual 1
generate 1
respect 1
causing 1
rise 1
hissing 1
crying 1
excitement 1
peculiarities 1
habit 1
cause 1
contrary 1
resumed 1
commenced 1
alone 1
birth 1
ascertain 1
greatest 1
specialities 1
organs 1
properly 1
directly 1
moving 1
organ 1
forward 1
churning 1
lowered 1
struck 1
removed 1
distance 1
boar 1
bull 1
holds 1
draws 1
tongs 1
lifts 1
swing 1
monthly 1
courses 1
lately 1
confined 1
fat 1
placing 1
fingers 1
collected 1
bud 1
plant 1
flower 1
using 1
desired 1
proceed 1
closed 1
drawing 1
outside 1
asked 1
inside 1
everywhere 1
sucks 1
sucking 1
mangoe 1
fruit 1
consent 1
going 1
swallow 1
swallowing 1
inverted 1
carry 1
crow 1
prevalent 1
hindustan 1
filled 1
sodomy 1
since 1
mahomedan 1
period 1
infancy 1
subsequent 1
enjoying 1
courtezan 1
rustic 1
villages 1
bordering 1
deceitful 1
spontaneous 1
fresh 1
ferments 1
rapidly 1
distilled 1
liquor 1
42 1
sixty 1
divisions 1
avoided 1
varshakari 1
omens 1
44 1
early 1
neighbour 1
overhear 1
heard 1
bad 1
import 1
draw 1
inference 1
failure 1
undertaking 1
46 1
disease 1
consisting 1
glandular 1
enlargement 1
palms 1
soles 1
perspiring 1
devices 1
creating 1
confidence 1
girls 1
nervous 1
uneasy 1
dejected 1
suddenly 1
hate 1
advantage 1
understood 1
sinks 1
despondency 1
hater 1
hating 1
recourse 1
exemplified 1
novels 1
century 1
outward 1
motions 1
entirely 1
general 1
kept 1
rich 1
50 1
telling 1
frequented 1
endeavours 1
repeating 1
take 1
you 1
unexpectedly 1
_the 1
cannot 1
express 1
readiness 1
gandharvas 1
heavenly 1
minstrels 1
court 1
witnesses 1
revere 1
sanctuary 1
household 1
gonardiya 1
nothing 1
attracts 1
careful 1
observance 1
acquire 1
husbands 1
devoted 1
infant 1
marriages 1
marrying 1
lifetime 1
accepts 1
informed 1
day 1
57 1
distinctly 1
cave 1
paintings 1
55 1
superior 1
mahallarika 1
maid 1
servants 1
eunuchs 1
happened 1
owing 1
absence 1
unwell 1
cases 1
passed 1
lottery 1
claimants 1
sent 1
question 1
degrees 1
number 1
distinguished 1
rejecting 1
addresses 1
clever 1
depending 1
ability 1
observing 1
ideas 1
thoughts 1
removing 1
turning 1
successful 1
58 1
peut 1
attendre 1
et 1
supposer 1
d 1
une 1
femme 1
amoureuse 1
balzac 1
meets 1
pretends 1
indecision 1
aware 1
patience 1
continued 1
manifesting 1
betweens 1
messengers 1
59 1
sage 1
seduced 1
monier 1
williams 1
title 1
sakoontala 1
ring 1
indian 1
translated 1
english 1
prose 1
sanscrit 1
kalidasa 1
où 1
62 1
storms 1
earthquakes 1
famines 1
pestilent 1
diseases 1
alluded 1
enemies 1
master 1
earth 1
63 1
phrase 1
everybody 1
fed 1
village 1
christian 1
era 1
65 1
tailangam 1
rajamundry 1
66 1
tract 1
malwa 1
kundinpura 1
identified 1
oomravati 1
68 1
aparantakas 1
northern 1
concan 1
girinaguda 1
junagurh 1
anger 1
spiritual 1
ignorance 1
pride 1
envy 1
concealed 1
folded 1
external 1
applications 1
receipt 1
might 1
admitted 1
selected 1
free 1
73 1
destruction 1
chastity 1
book 1
intended 1
teach 1
guarding 1
merely 1
oneself 1
knowledge 1
transmigration 1
changing 1
ourselves 1
shape 1
charms 1
spells 1
power 1
occult 1
sciences 1
oriental 1
literature 1
considered 1
alludes 1
43 1
v 1
ordinary 1
fit 1
resorted 1
affectionate 1
conversation 1
tender 1
74 1
england 1
classes 1
walk 1
streets 1
east 1
windows 1
doors 1
favour 1
extent 1
objects 1
subtlety 1
intelligence 1
womankind 1
hardly 1
light 1
indifferent 1
abandon 1
extract 1
got 1
artifices 1
pretending 1
obliged 1
connected 1
vows 1
trees 1
75 1
behaviour 1
waning 1
rid 1
duty 1
consists 1
forming 1
connections 1
due 1
consideration 1
attaching 1
obtaining 1
dismissing 1
possessions 1
manner 1
troubled 1
yet 1
abundance 1
built 1
observed 1
conditions 1
driven 1
overtures 1
consider 1
attracting 1
turn 1
keeping 1
behind 1
scenes 1
grounds 1
considerations 1
desirable 1
separate 1
effect 1
excessively 1
afraid 1
notice 1
faults 1
leaving 1
comes 1
refuse 1
listen 1
negotiations 1
appoint 1
fixed 1
visit 1
leave 1
wise 1
renew 1
fortune 1
likely 1
wealthiest 1
future 1
avoid 1
subsistence 1
difficulty 1
selfish 1
hard 1
hearted 1
favourites 1
cost 1
energetic 1
liberal 1
minded 1
pleased 1
large 1
sum 1
service 1
happens 1
sought 1
expected 1
realised 1
our 1
combining 1
mixed 1
treats 1
previous 1
76 1
souls 1
die 1
unfulfilled 1
manes 1
supreme 1
spirit 1
vi 1
daughter 1
attractive 1
sons 1
learning 1
sing 1
music 1
played 1
request 1
servant 1
unite 1
agreeable 1
77 1
increasing 1
vigour 1
acknowledged 1
approved 1
brahmans 1
belong 1
insects 1
savage 1
races 1
orientalists 1
remember 1
tale 1
old 1
insisted 1
stung 1
wasp 1
miscellaneous 1
experiments 1
recipes 1
conclusion 1
texts 1
errors 1
my 1
immediately 1
mentioning 1
censured 1
prohibited 1
babhravya 1
composed 1
writ 1
benefit 1
wholly 1
contemplation 1
deity 1
principles 1
preserves 1
practices 1
sure 1
mastery 1
senses 1
prudent 1
undertake 1
vii 1
details 1
interesting 1
subjects 1
stood 1
test 1
centuries 1
among 1
immortals 1
elegy 1
eulogy 1
lives 1
thee 1
_detailed 1
prospectuses 1
ananga 1
ranga 1
_stage 1
bodiless 1
one_ 1
_ars 1
amoris 1
indica_ 1
perfumed 1
sheik 1
nefzaoui 1
_arab 1
love_ 1
changes 1
text 1
127 1
version 1
61 1
project 1
gutenberg 1
