The Longest Sentence by number of characters: Over and over again Dorian used to read this fantastic chapter, and the
two chapters immediately following, in which, as in some curious
tapestries or cunningly wrought enamels, were pictured the awful and
beautiful forms of those whom vice and blood and weariness had made
monstrous or mad: Filippo, Duke of Milan, who slew his wife and painted
her lips with a scarlet poison that her lover might suck death from the
dead thing he fondled; Pietro Barbi, the Venetian, known as Paul the
Second, who sought in his vanity to assume the title of Formosus, and
whose tiara, valued at two hundred thousand florins, was bought at the
price of a terrible sin; Gian Maria Visconti, who used hounds to chase
living men and whose murdered body was covered with roses by a harlot
who had loved him; the Borgia on his white horse, with Fratricide
riding beside him and his mantle stained with the blood of Perotto;
Pietro Riario, the young Cardinal Archbishop of Florence, child and
minion of Sixtus IV., whose beauty was equalled only by his debauchery,
and who received Leonora of Aragon in a pavilion of white and crimson
silk, filled with nymphs and centaurs, and gilded a boy that he might
serve at the feast as Ganymede or Hylas; Ezzelin, whose melancholy
could be cured only by the spectacle of death, and who had a passion
for red blood, as other men have for red wine—the son of the Fiend, as
was reported, and one who had cheated his father at dice when gambling
with him for his own soul; Giambattista Cibo, who in mockery took the
name of Innocent and into whose torpid veins the blood of three lads
was infused by a Jewish doctor; Sigismondo Malatesta, the lover of
Isotta and the lord of Rimini, whose effigy was burned at Rome as the
enemy of God and man, who strangled Polyssena with a napkin, and gave
poison to Ginevra d’Este in a cup of emerald, and in honour of a
shameful passion built a pagan church for Christian worship; Charles
VI., who had so wildly adored his brother’s wife that a leper had
warned him of the insanity that was coming on him, and who, when his
brain had sickened and grown strange, could only be soothed by Saracen
cards painted with the images of love and death and madness; and, in
his trimmed jerkin and jewelled cap and acanthuslike curls, Grifonetto
Baglioni, who slew Astorre with his bride, and Simonetto with his page,
and whose comeliness was such that, as he lay dying in the yellow
piazza of Perugia, those who had hated him could not choose but weep,
and Atalanta, who had cursed him, blessed him.
The Shortest Sentence by number of words: Contents

The Longest Word: instantaneously
Top 10 most occurance of characters: 
1. e 3893
2. t 3012
3. o 2821
4. a 2667
5. i 2439
6. n 2077
7. h 2010
8. s 1991
9. r 1839
10. l 1399
Most often words: 
i 342
you 337
the 269
to 265
is 195
it 178
of 160
that 157
and 154
a 149
me 113
have 108
he 89
in 87
are 84
t 80
not 74
what 67
be 65
for 64
one 61
my 59
as 59
she 54
with 52
your 49
do 49
would 48
don 48
at 47
but 46
her 46
all 44
was 42
they 40
am 40
will 40
if 39
harry 38
him 35
we 35
has 35
on 32
had 32
us 31
about 31
must 31
his 31
dorian 30
like 30
shall 30
know 30
want 30
see 29
think 28
some 28
go 27
there 27
this 26
so 26
s 25
them 25
never 25
gray 24
too 24
can 24
when 24
should 24
no 23
come 23
any 22
good 22
been 22
tell 21
say 21
said 21
very 21
now 20
quite 19
much 19
why 19
more 19
how 19
always 19
something 19
did 19
by 18
basil 18
than 18
let 18
nothing 18
night 18
men 17
people 17
over 17
love 17
sibyl 17
only 16
then 16
were 15
an 15
man 15
really 14
things 14
everything 14
call 14
get 14
yes 13
life 13
thing 13
who 13
ever 12
art 12
told 12
day 12
world 12
made 12
back 12
make 11
may 11
wish 11
going 11
believe 11
other 11
or 11
dear 11
just 11
bad 11
better 11
face 11
vane 11
myself 10
before 10
soul 10
anything 10
rather 10
from 10
most 10
henry 10
sir 10
happy 10
well 9
sure 9
here 9
lord 9
give 9
out 9
forget 9
mother 9
women 9
young 8
same 8
merely 8
time 8
little 8
friends 8
once 8
often 8
thought 8
because 8
look 8
up 8
duchess 8
lady 8
mean 8
does 8
picture 7
won 7
far 7
old 7
put 7
yourself 7
didn 7
suppose 7
afraid 7
reason 7
perhaps 7
else 7
word 7
feel 7
where 7
down 7
money 7
after 7
their 7
write 7
again 7
god 7
which 7
years 7
into 6
true 6
real 6
away 6
could 6
sort 6
nowadays 6
heard 6
known 6
charming 6
sit 6
work 6
being 6
since 6
wonderful 6
got 6
without 6
ask 6
curious 6
seemed 6
hand 6
speak 6
wrong 6
came 6
those 6
great 6
still 6
home 6
such 5
looks 5
own 5
understand 5
white 5
except 5
every 5
live 5
first 5
whole 5
romance 5
kind 5
name 5
enough 5
upon 5
says 5
youth 5
find 5
boy 5
morning 5
left 5
morrow 5
till 5
looking 5
marry 5
woman 5
mind 5
pleasure 5
both 5
long 5
days 5
mad 5
worship 5
married 5
none 5
painting 5
whom 5
delightful 5
yesterday 5
coming 5
alan 5
way 5
place 4
england 4
worth 4
awfully 4
ago 4
hardly 4
take 4
either 4
yet 4
absolutely 4
many 4
might 4
change 4
perfectly 4
makes 4
besides 4
try 4
less 4
perfect 4
dare 4
our 4
silly 4
modern 4
dine 4
certainly 4
remember 4
course 4
knows 4
beautiful 4
new 4
become 4
beauty 4
tired 4
represent 4
matter 4
play 4
actress 4
prince 4
juliet 4
impossible 4
watch 4
lovely 4
right 4
words 4
hands 4
behind 4
fancy 4
died 4
past 4
de 4
sailor 4
portrait 3
set 3
jealous 3
least 3
given 3
simply 3
murmured 3
secret 3
entirely 3
help 3
die 3
ten 3
single 3
care 3
influence 3
saw 3
wonder 3
looked 3
heart 3
run 3
show 3
charm 3
summer 3
having 3
turned 3
fellow 3
friend 3
glad 3
meet 3
beg 3
two 3
asked 3
himself 3
miss 3
point 3
rose 3
marvellous 3
between 3
lines 3
across 3
three 3
lives 3
cried 3
horrid 3
cannot 3
promised 3
information 3
gentleman 3
english 3
americans 3
chance 3
pork 3
pretty 3
fascinating 3
assure 3
late 3
talk 3
london 3
hour 3
husband 3
seen 3
disappointed 3
beginning 3
nature 3
hair 3
against 3
act 3
answered 3
age 3
discovered 3
father 3
rich 3
best 3
probably 3
indeed 3
moment 3
touch 3
heavy 3
sins 3
ways 3
few 3
next 3
evening 3
idea 3
sent 3
draw 3
greek 3
part 3
key 3
use 3
surely 3
room 3
keep 3
even 3
nearly 3
answer 3
upstairs 3
round 3
half 3
eyes 3
eleven 3
club 3
town 3
its 3
saying 3
refuse 3
done 3
fire 3
narborough 3
ferrol 3
last 3
monmouth 3
murdered 3
gladys 3
lose 3
experience 3
oscar 2
wilde 2
send 2
wealth 2
whatever 2
suffer 2
terribly 2
foolish 2
insist 2
question 2
exhibit 2
felt 2
each 2
tells 2
wants 2
vain 2
acquaintance 2
brother 2
agree 2
necessary 2
passed 2
plain 2
broken 2
flower 2
coat 2
leaves 2
remembered 2
telling 2
spoiled 2
also 2
frightened 2
everybody 2
sorry 2
immoral 2
scientific 2
red 2
filled 2
dreams 2
whose 2
mere 2
memory 2
cheek 2
air 2
cure 2
senses 2
light 2
bring 2
difference 2
caprice 2
passion 2
obliged 2
property 2
kill 2
murder 2
object 2
doesn 2
allow 2
existed 2
extremely 2
nice 2
excuse 2
colour 2
entreat 2
garden 2
trust 2
visible 2
five 2
useless 2
met 2
fashionable 2
uncle 2
packing 2
politics 2
thinks 2
cheques 2
person 2
already 2
means 2
erskine 2
nonsense 2
intellect 2
advantage 2
science 2
laugh 2
history 2
different 2
future 2
able 2
blush 2
practice 2
sense 2
regrets 2
lunch 2
philosophy 2
possess 2
seventeen 2
value 2
sentimental 2
commonplace 2
triumph 2
went 2
beer 2
terrible 2
oh 2
through 2
thanks 2
rate 2
under 2
surprised 2
appearance 2
wasn 2
girl 2
pay 2
interest 2
dreadfully 2
body 2
imogen 2
personality 2
principles 2
eight 2
meets 2
bye 2
repeated 2
isaacs 2
however 2
society 2
hate 2
park 2
country 2
flowers 2
smart 2
wicked 2
hadn 2
harm 2
highly 2
connected 2
swear 2
though 2
marriage 2
serious 2
present 2
arms 2
forgot 2
remind 2
changed 2
theories 2
fact 2
leaning 2
gold 2
frenchman 2
blood 2
curtain 2
palm 2
thou 2
mask 2
third 2
monsieur 2
bear 2
taught 2
yours 2
hideous 2
dead 2
important 2
seems 2
case 2
mine 2
tragedy 2
took 2
ophelia 2
store 2
extraordinary 2
sister 2
understood 2
punished 2
killed 2
herself 2
screen 2
another 2
suddenly 2
front 2
opened 2
thinking 2
recognize 2
minutes 2
horrible 2
destroyed 2
devil 2
isn 2
leave 2
nine 2
thank 2
waiting 2
terms 2
richmond 2
selby 2
short 2
sorts 2
madame 2
luck 2
dinner 2
bachelors 2
limit 2
subject 2
peace 2
warning 2
annoyed 2
ears 2
loves 2
frock 2
opportunity 2
omen 2
talking 2
anybody 2
scandal 2
end 2
sorrow 2
contents 1
preface 1
grosvenor 1
anywhere 1
above 1
capable 1
emotion 1
knew 1
flatter 1
rank 1
brains 1
gods 1
intend 1
sometimes 1
laughs 1
cynicism 1
pose 1
answering 1
childish 1
shown 1
replied 1
gazing 1
intently 1
golden 1
feathered 1
disk 1
believing 1
provided 1
incredible 1
credit 1
trying 1
escape 1
curiously 1
shrill 1
voice 1
destined 1
explains 1
neither 1
laughing 1
became 1
indifferent 1
according 1
category 1
elder 1
younger 1
brothers 1
seem 1
per 1
cent 1
proletariat 1
correctly 1
subtle 1
woodland 1
missed 1
editions 1
fond 1
treats 1
bit 1
decoration 1
vanity 1
ornament 1
worst 1
unromantic 1
hallward 1
depends 1
pardon 1
capital 1
sitter 1
favourites 1
victims 1
aunt 1
agatha 1
sits 1
piano 1
noise 1
rude 1
philanthropy 1
liked 1
sitters 1
chat 1
whims 1
laws 1
stay 1
orleans 1
exception 1
view 1
boyhood 1
passions 1
thoughts 1
terror 1
sleeping 1
stain 1
shame 1
stifling 1
mustn 1
iced 1
drink 1
strawberries 1
masterpiece 1
stands 1
unbecoming 1
drinks 1
lifelong 1
lasts 1
longer 1
lucky 1
hard 1
growing 1
material 1
finer 1
mar 1
simple 1
pleasures 1
forgive 1
gave 1
reminded 1
objected 1
strongly 1
lived 1
surprise 1
candour 1
sin 1
element 1
pouring 1
tea 1
lot 1
faithful 1
faithless 1
stop 1
wotton 1
forgotten 1
interesting 1
afternoon 1
dandies 1
imagine 1
useful 1
chap 1
hope 1
treated 1
grandson 1
jarvies 1
ain 1
girls 1
george 1
betting 1
dartmoor 1
packers 1
lucrative 1
profession 1
america 1
paradise 1
ones 1
lunching 1
latest 1
_protégé_ 1
fads 1
distinguishing 1
characteristic 1
propose 1
interfere 1
suggested 1
thomas 1
unfair 1
detected 1
afford 1
education 1
visit 1
journey 1
hitting 1
below 1
verities 1
acrobats 1
judge 1
playing 1
sores 1
problem 1
slavery 1
solve 1
amusing 1
slaves 1
emotions 1
lead 1
astray 1
emotional 1
caveman 1
repeat 1
follies 1
creeping 1
common 1
discover 1
mistakes 1
disengaged 1
tuesday 1
books 1
literature 1
meant 1
treadley 1
expound 1
admirable 1
burgundy 1
fortunate 1
host 1
library 1
sleep 1
practising 1
academy 1
letters 1
talks 1
wonderfully 1
lohengrin 1
hears 1
music 1
duty 1
drown 1
conversation 1
ve 1
price 1
thornbury 1
putting 1
_début_ 1
genius 1
morals 1
views 1
terrify 1
weeks 1
deep 1
story 1
oranges 1
ginger 1
consumption 1
nuts 1
palmy 1
british 1
drama 1
_les 1
grandpères 1
ont 1
toujours 1
tort_ 1
loving 1
loved 1
dyed 1
painted 1
faces 1
reach 1
matches 1
actual 1
relations 1
sacred 1
blank 1
amazement 1
impression 1
taken 1
champagne 1
confided 1
dramatic 1
critics 1
conspiracy 1
bought 1
judging 1
expensive 1
distinction 1
wanting 1
compliments 1
faded 1
played 1
capulet 1
magenta 1
dressing 1
wrapper 1
jew 1
wanted 1
infinitely 1
tragedies 1
expected 1
hungry 1
presence 1
hidden 1
ivory 1
awe 1
congratulate 1
consummate 1
instinct 1
personalities 1
move 1
plays 1
bristol 1
o 1
clock 1
romeo 1
gives 1
advice 1
depth 1
generosity 1
others 1
poetry 1
realize 1
owe 1
considerate 1
colonies 1
fortune 1
assert 1
swell 1
solicitors 1
respectable 1
class 1
families 1
sends 1
member 1
aristocracy 1
remarkable 1
notices 1
packed 1
shirts 1
need 1
trouble 1
likely 1
winter 1
spring 1
dance 1
blossoms 1
blue 1
skies 1
enslave 1
shudder 1
free 1
beware 1
chairs 1
heaven 1
articles 1
signed 1
house 1
commons 1
whitewashing 1
sensible 1
wise 1
inclined 1
engaged 1
absurd 1
beneath 1
whenever 1
thoroughly 1
stupid 1
noblest 1
motives 1
tied 1
vile 1
creature 1
degrade 1
ruin 1
appointment 1
miserable 1
infatuation 1
study 1
pretend 1
_chef_ 1
rosalind 1
around 1
kissed 1
mouth 1
forest 1
arden 1
orchard 1
verona 1
compared 1
situations 1
fine 1
middle 1
classes 1
poisonous 1
echoed 1
chair 1
clusters 1
purple 1
lipped 1
irises 1
stood 1
centre 1
table 1
consider 1
culture 1
accept 1
standard 1
form 1
grossest 1
immorality 1
privilege 1
consciousness 1
degradation 1
civilized 1
uncivilized 1
adore 1
bothering 1
demand 1
admit 1
witty 1
inspire 1
desire 1
masterpieces 1
prevent 1
carrying 1
courage 1
commit 1
follow 1
hansom 1
spiritualizes 1
feels 1
flesh 1
self 1
incomplete 1
rises 1
pilgrim 1
mannerly 1
devotion 1
shows 1
saints 1
pilgrims 1
holy 1
palmers 1
kiss 1
passage 1
knowest 1
maiden 1
bepaint 1
hast 1
leaned 1
balcony 1
bud 1
ripening 1
breath 1
prove 1
beauteous 1
apologize 1
mediocre 1
suffered 1
bored 1
acting 1
quarter 1
shut 1
window 1
shutting 1
scene 1
plunged 1
remorse 1
tearing 1
curly 1
begin 1
marrying 1
wife 1
wrote 1
note 1
cut 1
pieces 1
epigrams 1
letter 1
prussic 1
acid 1
instantaneously 1
selfish 1
social 1
mistake 1
abject 1
allowed 1
absolute 1
failure 1
bank 1
account 1
wounded 1
details 1
vulgar 1
mentioned 1
reality 1
fanciful 1
holds 1
represented 1
heroines 1
desdemona 1
number 1
box 1
patti 1
singing 1
horrors 1
hers 1
enjoy 1
dominate 1
summoned 1
kisses 1
pathetic 1
strong 1
varnish 1
refusing 1
friendship 1
dearer 1
fame 1
reputation 1
noticed 1
strike 1
revealed 1
itself 1
worshipped 1
possibly 1
stand 1
cost 1
compliment 1
disappointing 1
confession 1
remain 1
sooner 1
pleasant 1
hasn 1
lordship 1
living 1
comfortable 1
persons 1
wait 1
handing 1
lend 1
couple 1
scratched 1
staircase 1
wider 1
kindness 1
drew 1
attention 1
following 1
paragraph 1
book 1
fascinated 1
company 1
dante 1
describes 1
sought 1
themselves 1
gautier 1
soon 1
bag 1
easily 1
victoria 1
twenty 1
difficult 1
somebody 1
dreadful 1
novelty 1
associate 1
native 1
land 1
hypocrite 1
stanch 1
finish 1
corrupt 1
shameful 1
read 1
whether 1
regret 1
prayer 1
ideal 1
called 1
satyr 1
verse 1
somewhere 1
scarlet 1
snow 1
accursed 1
leering 1
stayed 1
catch 1
train 1
message 1
paris 1
campbell 1
address 1
pages 1
eye 1
fell 1
poem 1
lacenaire 1
cold 1
yellow 1
_du 1
supplice 1
encore 1
mal 1
lavée_ 1
downy 1
hairs 1
_doigts 1
faune_ 1
glanced 1
taper 1
fingers 1
shuddering 1
slightly 1
spite 1
stanzas 1
venice 1
closed 1
kept 1
devant 1
une 1
façade 1
sur 1
le 1
marbre 1
d 1
un 1
escalier 1
belongs 1
handful 1
ashes 1
scatter 1
suicide 1
intended 1
result 1
lost 1
unless 1
hang 1
insane 1
dictate 1
decide 1
delay 1
gas 1
asbestos 1
laboratory 1
sheet 1
notepaper 1
servant 1
cab 1
doing 1
force 1
supplies 1
orchids 1
harden 1
francis 1
otherwise 1
wouldn 1
bother 1
dining 1
sighted 1
taking 1
sees 1
amuse 1
faithfully 1
disappoint 1
smiling 1
week 1
link 1
frocks 1
vienna 1
thirty 1
_décolletée_ 1
grief 1
fourth 1
intimate 1
hearts 1
_trop 1
zêle_ 1
excellent 1
monstrous 1
ridiculous 1
fashion 1
risk 1
theirs 1
disappointment 1
debrett 1
carefully 1
list 1
eligible 1
ladies 1
_the 1
post_ 1
calls 1
suitable 1
alliance 1
gathering 1
petticoat 1
party 1
thousand 1
pardons 1
ruxton 1
added 1
finished 1
cigarette 1
feast 1
squabble 1
twentieth 1
experiences 1
grotrian 1
type 1
monte 1
carlo 1
straight 1
corroborative 1
evidence 1
drive 1
fast 1
chaps 1
wharf 1
stuff 1
curse 1
stir 1
shoot 1
quick 1
lamp 1
vengeance 1
damned 1
den 1
track 1
lots 1
nigh 1
eighteen 1
lodging 1
satisfied 1
fit 1
title 1
defend 1
throne 1
truths 1
shield 1
spear 1
ready 1
acknowledge 1
ugly 1
becomes 1
simile 1
orchid 1
bible 1
seven 1
deadly 1
virtues 1
censure 1
tartuffe 1
emigrated 1
shop 1
countrymen 1
description 1
practical 1
ledger 1
balance 1
stupidity 1
vice 1
hypocrisy 1
thrust 1
carried 1
burden 1
stock 1
exchange 1
represents 1
survival 1
pushing 1
development 1
decay 1
fascinates 1
malady 1
illusion 1
religion 1
substitute 1
belief 1
sceptic 1
scepticism 1
faith 1
define 1
clue 1
labyrinth 1
christened 1
purely 1
specimen 1
butterfly 1
usually 1
dressed 1
hats 1
popular 1
mediocrity 1
reproduce 1
possible 1
searched 1
searching 1
dress 1
battle 1
fought 1
defeated 1
gallop 1
loose 1
rein 1
diary 1
burnt 1
child 1
wings 1
untouched 1
flight 1
rival 1
adores 1
appeal 1
antiquity 1
fatal 1
romanticists 1
methods 1
educated 1
explained 1
sphinxes 1
secrets 1
suit 1
premature 1
surrender 1
romantic 1
begins 1
climax 1
retreat 1
parthian 1
manner 1
alone 1
ground 1
hurt 1
shooting 1
sigh 1
delighted 1
places 1
moving 1
trees 1
watching 1
doctor 1
flirt 1
likes 1
excellently 1
matched 1
basis 1
sacrifice 1
sake 1
epigram 1
yacht 1
safe 1
presentiment 1
happen 1
committed 1
faint 1
mist 1
disillusion 1
crowned 1
strawberry 1
public 1
petal 1
dull 1
hearing 1
dropped 1
sum 1
liberty 1
tattooed 1
corpse 1
brings 1
save 1
pray 1
began 1
actions 1
staying 1
inn 1
stagnate 1
altered 1
determined 1
flowerlike 1
found 1
reformation 1
perdita 1
mint 1
marigold 1
hetty 1
floating 1
starlit 1
mill 1
pond 1
water 1
lilies 1
discussing 1
poor 1
disappearance 1
city 1
attractions 1
essential 1
coffee 1
brought 1
stopped 1
occur 1
interested 1
wild 1
adoration 1
dominant 1
motive 1
chief 1
defect 1
crime 1
method 1
procuring 1
sensations 1
during 1
gone 1
off 1
used 1
hamlet 1
pause 1
profit 1
gain 1
quotation 1
sonnets 1
reminds 1
bed 1
early 1
expression 1
lilacs 1
year 1
