The Longest Sentence by number of characters: theyre all so different Boylan talking about the shape of my foot he
noticed at once even before he was introduced when I was in the D B C
with Poldy laughing and trying to listen I was waggling my foot we both
ordered 2 teas and plain bread and butter I saw him looking with his
two old maids of sisters when I stood up and asked the girl where it
was what do I care with it dropping out of me and that black closed
breeches he made me buy takes you half an hour to let them down wetting
all myself always with some brandnew fad every other week such a long
one I did I forgot my suede gloves on the seat behind that I never got
after some robber of a woman and he wanted me to put it in the Irish
times lost in the ladies lavatory D B C Dame street finder return to
Mrs Marion Bloom and I saw his eyes on my feet going out through the
turning door he was looking when I looked back and I went there for tea
2 days after in the hope but he wasnt now how did that excite him
because I was crossing them when we were in the other room first he
meant the shoes that are too tight to walk in my hand is nice like that
if I only had a ring with the stone for my month a nice aquamarine Ill
stick him for one and a gold bracelet I dont like my foot so much still
I made him spend once with my foot the night after Goodwins botchup of
a concert so cold and windy it was well we had that rum in the house to
mull and the fire wasnt black out when he asked to take off my
stockings lying on the hearthrug in Lombard street west and another
time it was my muddy boots hed like me to walk in all the horses dung I
could find but of course hes not natural like the rest of the world
that I what did he say I could give 9 points in 10 to Katty Lanner and
beat her what does that mean I asked him I forget what he said because
the stoppress edition just passed and the man with the curly hair in
the Lucan dairy thats so polite I think I saw his face before somewhere
I noticed him when I was tasting the butter so I took my time Bartell
DArcy too that he used to make fun of when he commenced kissing me on
the choir stairs after I sang Gounods _Ave Maria_ what are we waiting
for O my heart kiss me straight on the brow and part which is my brown
part he was pretty hot for all his tinny voice too my low notes he was
always raving about if you can believe him I liked the way he used his
mouth singing then he said wasnt it terrible to do that there in a
place like that I dont see anything so terrible about it Ill tell him
about that some day not now and surprise him ay and Ill take him there
and show him the very place too we did it so now there you are like it
or lump it he thinks nothing can happen without him knowing he hadnt an
idea about my mother till we were engaged otherwise hed never have got
me so cheap as he did he was 10 times worse himself anyhow begging me
to give him a tiny bit cut off my drawers that was the evening coming
along Kenilworth square he kissed me in the eye of my glove and I had
to take it off asking me questions is it permitted to enquire the shape
of my bedroom so I let him keep it as if I forgot it to think of me
when I saw him slip it into his pocket of course hes mad on the subject
of drawers thats plain to be seen always skeezing at those brazenfaced
things on the bicycles with their skirts blowing up to their navels
even when Milly and I were out with him at the open air fete that one
in the cream muslin standing right against the sun so he could see
every atom she had on when he saw me from behind following in the rain
I saw him before he saw me however standing at the corner of the
Harolds cross road with a new raincoat on him with the muffler in the
Zingari colours to show off his complexion and the brown hat looking
slyboots as usual what was he doing there where hed no business they
can go and get whatever they like from anything at all with a skirt on
it and were not to ask any questions but they want to know where were
you where are you going I could feel him coming along skulking after me
his eyes on my neck he had been keeping away from the house he felt it
was getting too warm for him so I halfturned and stopped then he
pestered me to say yes till I took off my glove slowly watching him he
said my openwork sleeves were too cold for the rain anything for an
excuse to put his hand anear me drawers drawers the whole blessed time
till I promised to give him the pair off my doll to carry about in his
waistcoat pocket _O Maria Santisima_ he did look a big fool dreeping in
the rain splendid set of teeth he had made me hungry to look at them
and beseeched of me to lift the orange petticoat I had on with the
sunray pleats that there was nobody he said hed kneel down in the wet
if I didnt so persevering he would too and ruin his new raincoat you
never know what freak theyd take alone with you theyre so savage for it
if anyone was passing so I lifted them a bit and touched his trousers
outside the way I used to Gardner after with my ring hand to keep him
from doing worse where it was too public I was dying to find out was he
circumcised he was shaking like a jelly all over they want to do
everything too quick take all the pleasure out of it and father waiting
all the time for his dinner he told me to say I left my purse in the
butchers and had to go back for it what a Deceiver then he wrote me
that letter with all those words in it how could he have the face to
any woman after his company manners making it so awkward after when we
met asking me have I offended you with my eyelids down of course he saw
I wasnt he had a few brains not like that other fool Henny Doyle he was
always breaking or tearing something in the charades I hate an unlucky
man and if I knew what it meant of course I had to say no for form sake
dont understand you I said and wasnt it natural so it is of course it
used to be written up with a picture of a womans on that wall in
Gibraltar with that word I couldnt find anywhere only for children
seeing it too young then writing every morning a letter sometimes twice
a day I liked the way he made love then he knew the way to take a woman
when he sent me the 8 big poppies because mine was the 8th then I wrote
the night he kissed my heart at Dolphins barn I couldnt describe it
simply it makes you feel like nothing on earth but he never knew how to
embrace well like Gardner I hope hell come on Monday as he said at the
same time four I hate people who come at all hours answer the door you
think its the vegetables then its somebody and you all undressed or the
door of the filthy sloppy kitchen blows open the day old frostyface
Goodwin called about the concert in Lombard street and I just after
dinner all flushed and tossed with boiling old stew dont look at me
professor I had to say Im a fright yes but he was a real old gent in
his way it was impossible to be more respectful nobody to say youre out
you have to peep out through the blind like the messengerboy today I
thought it was a putoff first him sending the port and the peaches
first and I was just beginning to yawn with nerves thinking he was
trying to make a fool of me when I knew his tattarrattat at the door he
must have been a bit late because it was 1/4 after 3 when I saw the 2
Dedalus girls coming from school I never know the time even that watch
he gave me never seems to go properly Id want to get it looked after
when I threw the penny to that lame sailor for England home and beauty
when I was whistling there is a charming girl I love and I hadnt even
put on my clean shift or powdered myself or a thing then this day week
were to go to Belfast just as well he has to go to Ennis his fathers
anniversary the 27th it wouldnt be pleasant if he did suppose our rooms
at the hotel were beside each other and any fooling went on in the new
bed I couldnt tell him to stop and not bother me with him in the next
room or perhaps some protestant clergyman with a cough knocking on the
wall then hed never believe the next day we didnt do something its all
very well a husband but you cant fool a lover after me telling him we
never did anything of course he didnt believe me no its better hes
going where he is besides something always happens with him the time
going to the Mallow concert at Maryborough ordering boiling soup for
the two of us then the bell rang out he walks down the platform with
the soup splashing about taking spoonfuls of it hadnt he the nerve and
the waiter after him making a holy show of us screeching and confusion
for the engine to start but he wouldnt pay till he finished it the two
gentlemen in the 3rd class carriage said he was quite right so he was
too hes so pigheaded sometimes when he gets a thing into his head a
good job he was able to open the carriage door with his knife or theyd
have taken us on to Cork I suppose that was done out of revenge on him
O I love jaunting in a train or a car with lovely soft cushions I
wonder will he take a 1st class for me he might want to do it in the
train by tipping the guard well O I suppose therell be the usual idiots
of men gaping at us with their eyes as stupid as ever they can possibly
be that was an exceptional man that common workman that left us alone
in the carriage that day going to Howth Id like to find out something
about him 1 or 2 tunnels perhaps then you have to look out of the
window all the nicer then coming back suppose I never came back what
would they say eloped with him that gets you on on the stage the last
concert I sang at where its over a year ago when was it St Teresas hall
Clarendon St little chits of missies they have now singing Kathleen
Kearney and her like on account of father being in the army and my
singing the absentminded beggar and wearing a brooch for Lord Roberts
when I had the map of it all and Poldy not Irish enough was it him
managed it this time I wouldnt put it past him like he got me on to
sing in the _Stabat Mater_ by going around saying he was putting Lead
Kindly Light to music I put him up to that till the jesuits found out
he was a freemason thumping the piano lead Thou me on copied from some
old opera yes and he was going about with some of them Sinner Fein
lately or whatever they call themselves talking his usual trash and
nonsense he says that little man he showed me without the neck is very
intelligent the coming man Griffiths is he well he doesnt look it thats
all I can say still it must have been him he knew there was a boycott I
hate the mention of their politics after the war that Pretoria and
Ladysmith and Bloemfontein where Gardner lieut Stanley G 8th Bn 2nd
East Lancs Rgt of enteric fever he was a lovely fellow in khaki and
just the right height over me Im sure he was brave too he said I was
lovely the evening we kissed goodbye at the canal lock my Irish beauty
he was pale with excitement about going away or wed be seen from the
road he couldnt stand properly and I so hot as I never felt they could
have made their peace in the beginning or old oom Paul and the rest of
the other old Krugers go and fight it out between them instead of
dragging on for years killing any finelooking men there were with their
fever if he was even decently shot it wouldnt have been so bad I love
to see a regiment pass in review the first time I saw the Spanish
cavalry at La Roque it was lovely after looking across the bay from
Algeciras all the lights of the rock like fireflies or those sham
battles on the 15 acres the Black Watch with their kilts in time at the
march past the 10th hussars the prince of Wales own or the lancers O
the lancers theyre grand or the Dublins that won Tugela his father made
his money over selling the horses for the cavalry well he could buy me
a nice present up in Belfast after what I gave him theyve lovely linen
up there or one of those nice kimono things I must buy a mothball like
I had before to keep in the drawer with them it would be exciting going
round with him shopping buying those things in a new city better leave
this ring behind want to keep turning and turning to get it over the
knuckle there or they might bell it round the town in their papers or
tell the police on me but theyd think were married O let them all go
and smother themselves for the fat lot I care he has plenty of money
and hes not a marrying man so somebody better get it out of him if I
could find out whether he likes me I looked a bit washy of course when
I looked close in the handglass powdering a mirror never gives you the
expression besides scrooching down on me like that all the time with
his big hipbones hes heavy too with his hairy chest for this heat
always having to lie down for them better for him put it into me from
behind the way Mrs Mastiansky told me her husband made her like the
dogs do it and stick out her tongue as far as ever she could and he so
quiet and mild with his tingating cither can you ever be up to men the
way it takes them lovely stuff in that blue suit he had on and stylish
tie and socks with the skyblue silk things on them hes certainly
welloff I know by the cut his clothes have and his heavy watch but he
was like a perfect devil for a few minutes after he came back with the
stoppress tearing up the tickets and swearing blazes because he lost 20
quid he said he lost over that outsider that won and half he put on for
me on account of Lenehans tip cursing him to the lowest pits that
sponger he was making free with me after the Glencree dinner coming
back that long joult over the featherbed mountain after the lord Mayor
looking at me with his dirty eyes Val Dillon that big heathen I first
noticed him at dessert when I was cracking the nuts with my teeth I
wished I could have picked every morsel of that chicken out of my
fingers it was so tasty and browned and as tender as anything only for
I didnt want to eat everything on my plate those forks and fishslicers
were hallmarked silver too I wish I had some I could easily have
slipped a couple into my muff when I was playing with them then always
hanging out of them for money in a restaurant for the bit you put down
your throat we have to be thankful for our mangy cup of tea itself as a
great compliment to be noticed the way the world is divided in any case
if its going to go on I want at least two other good chemises for one
thing and but I dont know what kind of drawers he likes none at all I
think didnt he say yes and half the girls in Gibraltar never wore them
either naked as God made them that Andalusian singing her Manola she
didnt make much secret of what she hadnt yes and the second pair of
silkette stockings is laddered after one days wear I could have brought
them back to Lewers this morning and kicked up a row and made that one
change them only not to upset myself and run the risk of walking into
him and ruining the whole thing and one of those kidfitting corsets Id
want advertised cheap in the Gentlewoman with elastic gores on the hips
he saved the one I have but thats no good what did they say they give a
delightful figure line 11/6 obviating that unsightly broad appearance
across the lower back to reduce flesh my belly is a bit too big Ill
have to knock off the stout at dinner or am I getting too fond of it
the last they sent from ORourkes was as flat as a pancake he makes his
money easy Larry they call him the old mangy parcel he sent at Xmas a
cottage cake and a bottle of hogwash he tried to palm off as claret
that he couldnt get anyone to drink God spare his spit for fear hed die
of the drouth or I must do a few breathing exercises I wonder is that
antifat any good might overdo it the thin ones are not so much the
fashion now garters that much I have the violet pair I wore today thats
all he bought me out of the cheque he got on the first O no there was
the face lotion I finished the last of yesterday that made my skin like
new I told him over and over again get that made up in the same place
and dont forget it God only knows whether he did after all I said to
him Ill know by the bottle anyway if not I suppose Ill only have to
wash in my piss like beeftea or chickensoup with some of that opoponax
and violet I thought it was beginning to look coarse or old a bit the
skin underneath is much finer where it peeled off there on my finger
after the burn its a pity it isnt all like that and the four paltry
handkerchiefs about 6/- in all sure you cant get on in this world
without style all going in food and rent when I get it Ill lash it
around I tell you in fine style I always want to throw a handful of tea
into the pot measuring and mincing if I buy a pair of old brogues
itself do you like those new shoes yes were they Ive no clothes at all
the brown costume and the skirt and jacket and the one at the cleaners
3 whats that for any woman cutting up this old hat and patching up the
other the men wont look at you and women try to walk on you because
they know youve no man then with all the things getting dearer every
day for the 4 years more I have of life up to 35 no Im what am I at all
Ill be 33 in September will I what O well look at that Mrs Galbraith
shes much older than me I saw her when I was out last week her beautys
on the wane she was a lovely woman magnificent head of hair on her down
to her waist tossing it back like that like Kitty OShea in Grantham
street 1st thing I did every morning to look across see her combing it
as if she loved it and was full of it pity I only got to know her the
day before we left and that Mrs Langtry the jersey lily the prince of
Wales was in love with I suppose hes like the first man going the roads
only for the name of a king theyre all made the one way only a black
mans Id like to try a beauty up to what was she 45 there was some funny
story about the jealous old husband what was it at all and an oyster
knife he went no he made her wear a kind of a tin thing round her and
the prince of Wales yes he had the oyster knife cant be true a thing
like that like some of those books he brings me the works of Master
Francois Somebody supposed to be a priest about a child born out of her
ear because her bumgut fell out a nice word for any priest to write and
her a—e as if any fool wouldnt know what that meant I hate that
pretending of all things with that old blackguards face on him anybody
can see its not true and that Ruby and Fair Tyrants he brought me that
twice I remember when I came to page 50 the part about where she hangs
him up out of a hook with a cord flagellate sure theres nothing for a
woman in that all invention made up about he drinking the champagne out
of her slipper after the ball was over like the infant Jesus in the
crib at Inchicore in the Blessed Virgins arms sure no woman could have
a child that big taken out of her and I thought first it came out of
her side because how could she go to the chamber when she wanted to and
she a rich lady of course she felt honoured H R H he was in Gibraltar
the year I was born I bet he found lilies there too where he planted
the tree he planted more than that in his time he might have planted me
too if hed come a bit sooner then I wouldnt be here as I am he ought to
chuck that Freeman with the paltry few shillings he knocks out of it
and go into an office or something where hed get regular pay or a bank
where they could put him up on a throne to count the money all the day
of course he prefers plottering about the house so you cant stir with
him any side whats your programme today I wish hed even smoke a pipe
like father to get the smell of a man or pretending to be mooching
about for advertisements when he could have been in Mr Cuffes still
only for what he did then sending me to try and patch it up I could
have got him promoted there to be the manager he gave me a great mirada
once or twice first he was as stiff as the mischief really and truly
Mrs Bloom only I felt rotten simply with the old rubbishy dress that I
lost the leads out of the tails with no cut in it but theyre coming
into fashion again I bought it simply to please him I knew it was no
good by the finish pity I changed my mind of going to Todd and Burns as
I said and not Lees it was just like the shop itself rummage sale a lot
of trash I hate those rich shops get on your nerves nothing kills me
altogether only he thinks he knows a great lot about a womans dress and
cooking mathering everything he can scour off the shelves into it if I
went by his advices every blessed hat I put on does that suit me yes
take that thats alright the one like a weddingcake standing up miles
off my head he said suited me or the dishcover one coming down on my
backside on pins and needles about the shopgirl in that place in
Grafton street I had the misfortune to bring him into and she as
insolent as ever she could be with her smirk saying Im afraid were
giving you too much trouble what shes there for but I stared it out of
her yes he was awfully stiff and no wonder but he changed the second
time he looked Poldy pigheaded as usual like the soup but I could see
him looking very hard at my chest when he stood up to open the door for
me it was nice of him to show me out in any case Im extremely sorry Mrs
Bloom believe me without making it too marked the first time after him
being insulted and me being supposed to be his wife I just half smiled
I know my chest was out that way at the door when he said Im extremely
sorry and Im sure you were

The Shortest Sentence by number of words: [Illustration]

The Longest Word: handsomemarriedwomanrubbedagainstwidebehindinClonskea
Top 10 most occurance of characters: 
1. e 13733
2. t 10466
3. a 9234
4. o 9039
5. i 8653
6. n 8079
7. h 7777
8. s 7477
9. r 6185
10. l 5320
Most often words: 
the 1432
and 807
_ 670
a 628
i 625
he 623
of 622
to 588
in 497
with 372
his 365
that 342
it 327
was 296
him 293
on 261
her 228
me 209
for 187
all 177
like 164
out 158
at 157
my 156
or 141
as 129
up 124
when 119
they 119
you 118
she 117
from 107
said 103
about 99
if 99
s 96
what 94
have 89
so 88
be 87
then 86
is 85
had 84
them 83
not 82
down 80
too 80
bloom 73
after 72
by 71
one 71
old 70
there 67
yes 66
over 65
but 65
off 61
into 58
could 58
stephen 56
get 56
o 56
their 55
do 55
an 54
no 53
always 53
time 52
its 52
only 51
we 50
some 49
way 48
those 48
back 47
man 46
see 46
because 46
going 46
course 45
hes 43
never 42
go 42
know 42
thing 42
were 41
face 41
other 41
suppose 41
eyes 40
woman 39
bit 39
us 38
well 37
make 36
mr 36
voice 35
put 35
head 34
again 34
now 34
are 34
this 34
did 34
little 34
something 34
im 34
let 33
can 33
first 33
ill 33
hed 33
who 32
got 32
two 32
hand 31
mrs 30
where 30
day 30
much 30
made 29
father 29
just 29
begat 29
look 29
theyre 29
round 27
still 27
came 26
through 26
before 26
saw 26
god 26
wouldnt 26
would 25
till 25
any 25
want 25
thats 25
hands 24
more 24
your 24
though 24
say 24
street 24
big 24
night 24
even 24
wonder 24
id 24
couldnt 24
went 23
himself 23
how 23
coming 23
long 23
used 23
didnt 23
think 23
myself 23
left 22
says 22
asked 22
hat 22
love 22
ever 22
young 22
anything 22
enough 22
mulligan 21
dedalus 21
must 21
black 21
has 21
men 21
lord 21
dont 21
looking 20
under 20
might 20
great 20
knew 20
gave 20
white 20
better 20
bed 20
every 20
sure 20
turned 19
last 19
door 19
high 19
arms 19
world 19
come 19
behind 19
getting 19
theres 19
without 18
saying 18
thought 18
place 18
nice 18
take 18
things 18
buck 17
mouth 17
away 17
told 17
hair 17
side 17
right 17
shes 17
give 17
2 16
called 16
very 16
been 16
feel 16
good 16
new 16
half 16
wasnt 16
singing 15
am 15
foot 15
took 15
money 15
lips 15
miss 15
knows 15
tell 15
cant 15
dead 14
which 14
heard 14
hope 14
another 14
trying 14
wanted 14
find 14
same 14
married 14
than 14
kind 14
lovely 14
brought 13
once 13
our 13
wait 13
call 13
tea 13
pretending 13
bottom 13
hate 13
husband 13
3 12
own 12
sang 12
et 12
making 12
show 12
asking 12
nose 12
looked 12
dublin 12
boy 12
far 12
near 12
life 12
stands 12
fool 12
women 12
open 12
everything 12
comes 12
morning 12
easy 12
1 11
4 11
laughing 11
stood 11
forward 11
read 11
red 11
green 11
beauty 11
lenehan 11
lost 11
name 11
john 11
each 11
felt 11
times 11
boylan 11
girl 11
eye 11
master 11
such 11
anyhow 11
few 11
talking 11
thinking 11
goes 11
besides 11
room 11
liked 11
5 10
sing 10
haines 10
across 10
blue 10
full 10
sea 10
does 10
why 10
takes 10
caffrey 10
being 10
appears 10
simply 10
turns 10
will 10
whatever 10
nothing 10
fellow 10
years 10
dark 9
stairs 9
pocket 9
heart 9
towards 9
along 9
laughter 9
air 9
milly 9
write 9
people 9
slowly 9
house 9
past 9
sitting 9
kiss 9
inside 9
noticed 9
lynch 9
tongue 9
zoe 9
run 9
themselves 9
between 9
usual 9
account 9
somewhere 9
ought 9
standing 9
lot 9
cried 8
words 8
moment 8
laughed 8
three 8
feet 8
corner 8
ear 8
here 8
thinks 8
m 8
de 8
le 8
clothes 8
henry 8
figure 8
word 8
molloy 8
afraid 8
yellow 8
douce 8
gold 8
joe 8
case 8
private 8
hold 8
doing 8
both 8
paper 8
pair 8
hotel 8
turn 8
girls 8
piano 8
poldy 8
calls 8
teeth 8
around 8
dress 8
quite 8
having 8
remember 8
imagine 8
met 8
somebody 8
smell 8
please 8
child 8
keep 8
believe 8
mad 8
hadnt 8
home 8
wont 8
wrong 8
laid 7
answered 7
top 7
fine 7
table 7
grey 7
while 7
drink 7
water 7
goodbye 7
window 7
irish 7
turning 7
kitchen 7
martin 7
whole 7
arm 7
professor 7
age 7
moses 7
light 7
wife 7
cap 7
skirt 7
hear 7
upon 7
slow 7
soul 7
starts 7
bob 7
part 7
blessed 7
jack 7
hanging 7
cissy 7
children 7
holds 7
cold 7
clean 7
finger 7
bad 7
son 7
legs 7
twice 7
pianola 7
row 7
nobody 7
sick 7
help 7
next 7
cut 7
either 7
worse 7
mind 7
real 7
youre 7
gibraltar 7
doesnt 7
rock 7
skin 7
6 6
10 6
11 6
15 6
halted 6
added 6
tone 6
mother 6
doorway 6
t 6
suddenly 6
neck 6
began 6
wish 6
running 6
trousers 6
done 6
dear 6
stick 6
c 6
rich 6
low 6
priest 6
prayed 6
most 6
ned 6
lambert 6
song 6
days 6
mine 6
land 6
lifted 6
nor 6
fair 6
boots 6
sit 6
walking 6
boys 6
sailor 6
wall 6
wet 6
bronze 6
flower 6
care 6
talk 6
hard 6
bloody 6
taking 6
telling 6
horse 6
crowd 6
against 6
watch 6
large 6
spanish 6
falling 6
several 6
die 6
naked 6
king 6
heavy 6
end 6
passing 6
change 6
ruin 6
looks 6
try 6
sweet 6
ask 6
especially 6
matter 6
wore 6
anyway 6
found 6
alone 6
may 6
bought 6
hole 6
blouse 6
meant 6
20 6
sleep 6
drawers 6
gardner 6
dinner 6
ago 6
pity 6
born 6
rotten 6
poor 6
poetry 6
terrible 5
others 5
fire 5
quietly 5
thick 5
growled 5
mary 5
shirt 5
soft 5
anyone 5
free 5
plain 5
ashplant 5
walked 5
beside 5
floor 5
struck 5
thy 5
close 5
listening 5
card 5
power 5
cunningham 5
speech 5
touched 5
soap 5
silver 5
staring 5
mountain 5
music 5
following 5
dirty 5
wind 5
_the 5
gently 5
davy 5
book 5
calling 5
reading 5
d 5
best 5
boody 5
soup 5
bell 5
shoes 5
ears 5
second 5
ah 5
pay 5
citizen 5
doran 5
prison 5
putting 5
blood 5
answer 5
jews 5
dog 5
infant 5
choir 5
sings 5
pass 5
passes 5
leaps 5
warm 5
tom 5
ring 5
la 5
waiting 5
tail 5
approaches 5
city 5
slip 5
concert 5
many 5
different 5
throw 5
sun 5
ben 5
shoulders 5
front 5
outside 5
whistling 5
sending 5
stiff 5
awfully 5
road 5
dancing 5
gives 5
kissing 5
rather 5
business 5
straight 5
herself 5
fun 5
youd 5
ones 5
hide 5
else 5
letter 5
weeks 5
damn 5
touch 5
unless 5
hour 5
sometimes 5
hot 5
forget 5
h 5
perhaps 5
mass 5
properly 5
theyd 5
supposed 5
likes 5
often 5
least 5
beginning 5
stupid 5
week 5
rest 5
picture 5
sent 5
grand 5
itself 5
tried 5
fashion 5
anybody 5
arent 5
washing 5
sunday 5
shed 5
illustration 4
8 4
handkerchief 4
tower 4
send 4
don 4
fingers 4
passed 4
easily 4
loose 4
spoke 4
changed 4
fro 4
sides 4
together 4
thumb 4
evening 4
est 4
il 4
hall 4
sleepy 4
bread 4
covered 4
whispered 4
kernan 4
company 4
erin 4
moon 4
murmuring 4
knee 4
voices 4
newsboys 4
quick 4
form 4
lit 4
country 4
language 4
yelling 4
penny 4
byrne 4
eglinton 4
frowning 4
painted 4
replied 4
murmur 4
katey 4
breaking 4
beautiful 4
gone 4
area 4
nelson 4
blazes 4
socks 4
kennedy 4
deep 4
showed 4
coat 4
breast 4
rapidly 4
per 4
alf 4
cry 4
wyse 4
holding 4
sluts 4
play 4
imitating 4
gentleman 4
lane 4
kick 4
steps 4
runs 4
sweets 4
sin 4
violet 4
leaving 4
smiling 4
faces 4
navvy 4
cheap 4
whores 4
rain 4
windows 4
ladies 4
four 4
simon 4
paddy 4
smoking 4
lifts 4
wearing 4
also 4
humour 4
garters 4
milk 4
fat 4
oysters 4
brown 4
virag 4
couple 4
florry 4
leg 4
nurse 4
shut 4
adonai 4
waterfall 4
stand 4
bay 4
lights 4
gets 4
kitty 4
potatoes 4
doctor 4
ad 4
middle 4
possibly 4
neither 4
sorry 4
eggs 4
politics 4
wear 4
really 4
wed 4
yesterday 4
terrace 4
eat 4
friday 4
altogether 4
squeeze 4
idea 4
finish 4
pull 4
pleasure 4
year 4
josie 4
funeral 4
body 4
finished 4
square 4
job 4
leave 4
buy 4
natural 4
kissed 4
petticoat 4
understand 4
monday 4
today 4
train 4
1st 4
prince 4
chest 4
minutes 4
knock 4
isnt 4
loved 4
true 4
holles 4
learn 4
excited 4
whoever 4
cat 4
use 4
wheres 4
7 3
9 3
12 3
14 3
16 3
18 3
held 3
aside 3
drawing 3
pointing 3
_o 3
whose 3
gaping 3
loudly 3
te 3
stone 3
_in 3
lifting 3
tender 3
chant 3
collar 3
gravely 3
peaks 3
waistcoat 3
bending 3
doll 3
wine 3
becomes 3
brow 3
wings 3
drew 3
repeated 3
gaily 3
throat 3
stepped 3
question 3
qui 3
pigeon 3
french 3
bare 3
fond 3
daughter 3
idly 3
fell 3
above 3
simple 3
adding 3
cum 3
hoarse 3
freeman 3
daily 3
e 3
handed 3
short 3
point 3
climb 3
glow 3
mild 3
noise 3
peace 3
grace 3
stained 3
gallaher 3
bowed 3
shape 3
human 3
seemed 3
fathers 3
amid 3
shining 3
newsboy 3
shot 3
raw 3
wild 3
_deus 3
_a 3
sound 3
yawn 3
sat 3
patch 3
larry 3
picked 3
hungrily 3
opposite 3
pouring 3
breath 3
lacquey 3
fall 3
cowley 3
points 3
shouting 3
page 3
smiled 3
_to 3
bald 3
contrast 3
dollard 3
pale 3
wrote 3
rubs 3
claps 3
sticking 3
queer 3
chap 3
hanged 3
murder 3
awful 3
smith 3
male 3
letting 3
hell 3
except 3
everyone 3
papers 3
shouts 3
stop 3
stuck 3
royal 3
gerty 3
locked 3
person 3
butter 3
mutton 3
rocks 3
rollicking 3
higher 3
draws 3
lamp 3
mirror 3
watching 3
shout 3
lighted 3
bells 3
rattling 3
cheek 3
regards 3
potato 3
poison 3
drawn 3
weiss 3
begins 3
pockets 3
covers 3
cake 3
perfume 3
seizes 3
shows 3
flashing 3
toe 3
dance 3
follows 3
size 3
odour 3
shoulder 3
rises 3
onions 3
gallery 3
bucket 3
general 3
seen 3
summer 3
line 3
dozen 3
playing 3
family 3
sideways 3
orange 3
tide 3
letters 3
offers 3
flynn 3
george 3
church 3
dignam 3
cocked 3
garments 3
bright 3
whore 3
smile 3
draw 3
whisper 3
set 3
museum 3
shaking 3
statues 3
venus 3
drinking 3
heads 3
lower 3
tails 3
eyelids 3
byron 3
bill 3
drowned 3
leads 3
chandelier 3
cock 3
gramophone 3
holy 3
fast 3
huge 3
virgins 3
burst 3
broad 3
bella 3
lies 3
sofa 3
lover 3
flowers 3
school 3
march 3
box 3
egg 3
cavalry 3
belly 3
beats 3
sticks 3
places 3
touching 3
buttered 3
lady 3
edward 3
seventh 3
jesus 3
paris 3
croppy 3
pope 3
tall 3
possible 3
quid 3
answering 3
probably 3
coffee 3
keeping 3
pretty 3
ball 3
candle 3
war 3
breakfast 3
riordan 3
sort 3
month 3
photo 3
south 3
bringing 3
bedroom 3
dying 3
story 3
impudence 3
bitch 3
sly 3
excite 3
fault 3
temper 3
rooms 3
cooking 3
throwing 3
gaiety 3
bishop 3
stranger 3
tired 3
makes 3
yourself 3
almost 3
canal 3
bank 3
feeling 3
danger 3
opera 3
stamps 3
meat 3
luck 3
brute 3
whats 3
driving 3
invention 3
someone 3
regular 3
clock 3
giving 3
pretended 3
present 3
gloves 3
wash 3
handsome 3
engaged 3
sweetheart 3
marry 3
chance 3
b 3
walk 3
lying 3
lombard 3
horses 3
curly 3
glove 3
womans 3
nerves 3
carriage 3
knife 3
taken 3
nicer 3
stage 3
lately 3
intelligent 3
fever 3
instead 3
wales 3
won 3
whether 3
heat 3
suit 3
cup 3
appearance 3
style 3
ive 3
jersey 3
chamber 3
bet 3
planted 3
tree 3
statue 3
nearly 3
mens 3
werent 3
dream 3
religion 3
flying 3
pick 3
africa 3
darling 3
harry 3
whatyoucallit 3
loves 3
damned 3
consolation 3
suggested 3
wanting 3
ink 3
mourning 3
poet 3
88 3
ii 2
13 2
iii 2
17 2
bowl 2
aloft 2
preacher 2
delight 2
upper 2
frowned 2
quickly 2
within 2
descending 2
_liliata 2
rutilantium 2
accent 2
howled 2
slapped 2
nomine 2
hewing 2
loaf 2
wheedling 2
pot 2
puzzled 2
features 2
vigorously 2
ann 2
petticoats 2
twisted 2
followed 2
scarf 2
tennis 2
kicked 2
coarse 2
grave 2
sorrow 2
pulled 2
towel 2
moved 2
panama 2
quivering 2
quiet 2
happy 2
foolish 2
divine 2
drinks 2
cliff 2
rise 2
nodded 2
solemnly 2
jerks 2
verse 2
odd 2
glances 2
weep 2
beneath 2
watery 2
talbot 2
itching 2
field 2
sternly 2
purse 2
_i 2
paid 2
vous 2
mis 2
dans 2
cette 2
fichue 2
position 2
à 2
mon 2
père 2
five 2
tattered 2
telegram 2
softly 2
dorset 2
doubled 2
dearest 2
tie 2
newspaper 2
hummed 2
martha 2
lyons 2
twisting 2
downward 2
caressed 2
beard 2
tuo 2
resumed 2
gentlemen 2
press 2
william 2
murray 2
threw 2
envelope 2
regret 2
organ 2
foreman 2
empty 2
fireplace 2
seated 2
sad 2
_or 2
serried 2
souls 2
portfolio 2
vaunted 2
luscious 2
twilight 2
shine 2
forth 2
wetherup 2
stared 2
battles 2
spot 2
seeking 2
shrill 2
squatted 2
restaurant 2
distant 2
clever 2
polished 2
frozen 2
eternal 2
deserves 2
live 2
cigarettes 2
myles 2
crawford 2
impromptu 2
egypt 2
youthful 2
meaning 2
spoken 2
bearing 2
madden 2
burke 2
ally 2
umbrella 2
heels 2
ran 2
return 2
caught 2
nobis 2
fecit 2
sight 2
_hamlet 2
beyond 2
spirit 2
creaked 2
nearer 2
chambers 2
du 2
joyfully 2
message 2
pious 2
severe 2
ut 2
edition 2
scribbling 2
pleasant 2
puck 2
step 2
trolling 2
spluttered 2
trilling 2
sweetly 2
honeymoon 2
smirk 2
lolling 2
conmee 2
omnia 2
sunt 2
meum 2
swung 2
violently 2
_home 2
angrily 2
vigorous 2
deeply 2
urchins 2
lei 2
si 2
belle 2
keyboard 2
haunch 2
curves 2
handbell 2
shook 2
mincing 2
nod 2
muttered 2
beaming 2
carpet 2
missed 2
skyblue 2
_my 2
pearl 2
_eau 2
nil 2
eagerly 2
speak 2
stooping 2
choking 2
queen 2
gaze 2
notice 2
flatly 2
flora 2
inexquisite 2
cool 2
depth 2
shadow 2
attack 2
amor 2
l 2
thou 2
goulding 2
flush 2
beat 2
among 2
begob 2
lowest 2
sir 2
beg 2
jail 2
assistant 2
honoured 2
distinguished 2
medical 2
cord 2
subject 2
nerve 2
genital 2
elastic 2
furtive 2
tear 2
happened 2
cheers 2
wouldn 2
anywhere 2
albion 2
j 2
laugh 2
host 2
nostrum 2
_et 2
tuam 2
dominum 2
ragamuffins 2
drive 2
bawling 2
car 2
jew 2
slut 2
gob 2
devil 2
tin 2
theatre 2
baby 2
tabernacle 2
edy 2
jacky 2
football 2
chops 2
macdowell 2
_per 2
deam 2
chain 2
redcoats 2
elderly 2
bawd 2
boardman 2
shawl 2
nostrils 2
dame 2
georgina 2
thrusts 2
staggers 2
parcel 2
ribs 2
lanterns 2
swim 2
motorman 2
thrown 2
pugnosed 2
chains 2
parcelled 2
evil 2
calle 2
_he 2
sidles 2
slips 2
hides 2
muttering 2
slaps 2
moorish 2
disc 2
marion 2
plump 2
sleeve 2
weak 2
breen 2
bellows 2
clumsy 2
heel 2
nigger 2
diddle 2
ruby 2
spades 2
dogs 2
findon 2
gores 2
shawled 2
lanes 2
doors 2
weed 2
toppling 2
falls 2
costume 2
curling 2
leather 2
leading 2
veiled 2
carries 2
engine 2
truly 2
innocent 2
grappling 2
stops 2
greatest 2
silk 2
inaudibly 2
citron 2
pork 2
kidney 2
written 2
stephens 2
barefoot 2
fog 2
rolls 2
menton 2
coy 2
forehead 2
descends 2
iron 2
thumbs 2
poppies 2
effort 2
breeches 2
machine 2
rustle 2
flutter 2
closed 2
trips 2
glides 2
moist 2
bones 2
bystanders 2
hawthorn 2
peers 2
walls 2
crowded 2
babes 2
sucklings 2
jimmy 2
town 2
clerk 2
kildare 2
dragging 2
figures 2
nine 2
seaside 2
dies 2
acid 2
arsenic 2
opening 2
veins 2
food 2
pillar 2
guinness 2
stylish 2
leaping 2
value 2
cabbage 2
sheep 2
declare 2
u 2
rings 2
bracelets 2
immediately 2
positions 2
public 2
trust 2
managing 2
banks 2
walks 2
hangs 2
leopold 2
papal 2
moustaches 2
noah 2
eunuch 2
halloran 2
guggenheim 2
agendath 2
netaim 2
hirsch 2
jesurum 2
mackay 2
ostrolopsky 2
smerdoz 2
schwarz 2
adrianopoli 2
aranjuez 2
lewy 2
lawson 2
ichabudonosor 2
donnell 2
magnus 2
christbaum 2
maimun 2
dusty 2
rhodes 2
benamor 2
jones 2
savorgnanovich 2
jasperstone 2
vingtetunieme 2
szombathely 2
gate 2
direction 2
r 2
tailor 2
daughters 2
kneel 2
lion 2
brutes 2
gas 2
blare_ 2
costello 2
darkness 2
springs 2
kilts 2
tramp 2
noisy 2
kimono 2
moth 2
snaps 2
pendant 2
philip 2
drunk 2
philippe 2
crossed 2
merciful 2
chocolate 2
bites 2
tread 2
fan 2
bends 2
grow 2
grunting 2
rooting 2
tight 2
ground 2
fringe 2
greasy 2
brogues 2
kock 2
blind 2
dillon 2
swirling 2
circumcised 2
nymph 2
lightly 2
mean 2
trees 2
howth 2
dropping 2
rolled 2
waters 2
bailey 2
the_ 2
pattern 2
cohen 2
waist 2
group 2
clutches 2
match 2
embracing 2
chants 2
picks 2
cracks 2
coffin 2
flies 2
stretches 2
newlaid 2
mina 2
shakespeare 2
hatrack 2
bowing 2
twirling 2
shrugged 2
enter 2
act 2
butcher 2
veal 2
hats 2
nag 2
carr 2
compton 2
discord 2
sits 2
buttons 2
catch 2
mirrors 2
sleeves 2
dos 2
toft 2
cumbersome 2
hornblower 2
bowels 2
baraabum 2
split 2
mystery 2
grinning 2
claws 2
space 2
protestant 2
corns 2
nolan 2
mastiansky 2
penrose 2
michael 2
galbraith 2
brady 2
retriever 2
wrangle 2
soldiers 2
egan 2
peep 2
patrice 2
peeps 2
muffler 2
handkerchiefs 2
sugarloaf 2
_and_ 2
malachi 2
spit 2
death 2
sighs 2
murmurs 2
height 2
evidently 2
mezzo 2
più 2
attention 2
winked 2
considering 2
remarking 2
none 2
rose 2
german 2
clear 2
borne 2
since 2
interesting 2
actually 2
lay 2
certainly 2
smelling 2
edging 2
polite 2
hospital 2
nun 2
maybe 2
party 2
worst 2
mans 2
maids 2
trouble 2
kept 2
meet 2
flirting 2
harm 2
solicitor 2
ontario 2
false 2
ruining 2
thank 2
aunt 2
common 2
proof 2
swelled 2
leaves 2
liar 2
w 2
satisfaction 2
marrying 2
palm 2
satisfied 2
dreaming 2
smelt 2
stout 2
asleep 2
port 2
taste 2
meeting 2
tremendous 2
dickens 2
hours 2
dressing 2
combing 2
eaten 2
hasnt 2
spunk 2
washed 2
cutting 2
twins 2
swollen 2
supposing 2
thatd 2
study 2
jealous 2
whenever 2
floey 2
plenty 2
ways 2
however 2
alright 2
pretend 2
devils 2
afterwards 2
living 2
muddy 2
mat 2
nature 2
listen 2
forgot 2
robber 2
spend 2
stockings 2
stoppress 2
bartell 2
darcy 2
ay 2
knowing 2
otherwise 2
questions 2
raincoat 2
stopped 2
anear 2
promised 2
carry 2
maria 2
pleats 2
savage 2
butchers 2
manners 2
tearing 2
sake 2
writing 2
8th 2
filthy 2
goodwin 2
tossed 2
boiling 2
charming 2
shift 2
belfast 2
ennis 2
knocking 2
happens 2
confusion 2
class 2
pigheaded 2
revenge 2
tipping 2
st 2
kathleen 2
kearney 2
beggar 2
lead 2
sinner 2
fein 2
trash 2
nonsense 2
2nd 2
lock 2
killing 2
lancers 2
selling 2
theyve 2
linen 2
lie 2
tickets 2
glencree 2
wished 2
chicken 2
mangy 2
flat 2
bottle 2
fear 2
breathing 2
paltry 2
jacket 2
lily 2
funny 2
oyster 2
brings 2
works 2
50 2
flagellate 2
sooner 2
shillings 2
count 2
cuffes 2
burns 2
shop 2
miles 2
backside 2
pins 2
needles 2
extremely 2
nipple 2
beaten 2
compared 2
disgusting 2
fish 2
queens 2
station 2
stink 2
biting 2
bang 2
helys 2
bath 2
pan 2
mark 2
hurt 2
student 2
suck 2
tickling 2
ugly 2
saturday 2
rubio 2
ships 2
union 2
drunken 2
english 2
virgin 2
firtree 2
cove 2
boat 2
leaning 2
servant 2
opened 2
below 2
molly 2
mulvey 2
moustache 2
killed 2
captain 2
40 2
havent 2
hill 2
peak 2
riding 2
bicycle 2
sense 2
divorced 2
given 2
europa 2
millys 2
straits 2
pillow 2
marie 2
officers 2
theyll 2
fit 2
wants 2
performance 2
wake 2
wherever 2
winter 2
ten 2
nevada 2
drunker 2
toast 2
tomorrow 2
pots 2
mixed 2
cod 2
piece 2
fleming 2
houses 2
ruck 2
whit 2
academy 2
plans 2
bolted 2
burglars 2
indeed 2
photographs 2
italian 2
explaining 2
devans 2
oughtnt 2
crush 2
trilby 2
squashed 2
nuisance 2
glasses 2
climbing 2
minute 2
drimmies 2
idiot 2
vagina 2
paying 2
omissions 2
glorious 2
huguenots 2
sleeping 2
indian 2
spectacle 2
college 2
childs 2
goodlooking 2
maritana 2
university 2
dillons 2
guitar 2
star 2
itll 2
ulysses 1
james 1
joyce 1
contents 1
intoned 1
peered 1
winding 1
coarsely 1
brush 1
gunrest 1
thrusting 1
gazing 1
bitterness 1
depressed 1
beastly 1
shielding 1
wounds 1
coldly 1
staircase 1
level 1
roof 1
vanished 1
drone 1
boomed 1
stairhead 1
royce 1
pantomime 1
turko 1
confessorum 1
turma 1
circumdet 1
iubilantium 1
virginum 1
chorus 1
excipiat 1
flung 1
tramped 1
tune 1
cockney 1
hacked 1
fry 1
dish 1
plates 1
patris 1
filii 1
spiritus 1
sancti 1
slices 1
_begob 1
ma 1
cahill 1
_god 1
brows 1
overclouding 1
hoarsened 1
rasping 1
hewed 1
hising 1
florin 1
curtseyed 1
blandly 1
knotting 1
warmth 1
holdfast 1
hammock 1
bent 1
vigour 1
ungirdled 1
disrobed 1
gown 1
resignedly 1
resigned 1
gait 1
wellnigh 1
ladder 1
surveyed 1
neatly 1
primrose 1
slung 1
stolewise 1
brims 1
disciples 1
calvary 1
amn 1
ll 1
tugged 1
swiftly 1
farewell 1
fluttered 1
fins 1
chanted 1
guardedly 1
nom 1
dieu 1
tritely 1
erect 1
joined 1
_another 1
victory 1
recited 1
text 1
woful 1
shepherds 1
lycidas 1
sunk 1
waves 1
crowding 1
strapped 1
buckled 1
satchels 1
gabbling 1
riddle 1
silence 1
cochrane 1
corridor 1
fussily 1
_put 1
_but 1
prompt 1
ventilation 1
allimportant 1
jerked 1
homestead 1
telegraph 1
_all 1
erta 1
joseph 1
faut 1
pas 1
dire 1
croit 1
oui 1
_comment 1
booty 1
_le 1
tutu_ 1
numbers 1
_pantalon 1
blanc 1
culotte 1
rouge_ 1
curiosity 1
grunt 1
freshly 1
greeting 1
slice 1
papli 1
fondest 1
respect 1
unrolled 1
baton 1
_by 1
return_ 1
longing 1
thrill 1
_quis 1
homo 1
knelt 1
armpit 1
bantam 1
clatter 1
wheels 1
_his 1
ballad 1
trenchant 1
rendering 1
experience 1
stumping 1
mildly 1
thwarted 1
rudely 1
aboard 1
_bugabu 1
non 1
intres 1
judicium 1
servo 1
domine 1
ne 1
nos 1
inducas 1
tentationem 1
paradisum 1
solemnity 1
awe 1
blank 1
hibernian 1
metropolis 1
united 1
tramway 1
timekeeper 1
bawled 1
wearer 1
crown 1
brayden 1
esquire 1
oaklands 1
sandymount 1
shears 1
_martha 1
crozier 1
pen 1
nimbly 1
counter 1
posthaste 1
unfeigned 1
announce 1
dissolution 1
respected 1
burgess 1
canvasser 1
work 1
key 1
orthographical 1
noted 1
churchman 1
occasional 1
contributor 1
galleypage 1
dayfather 1
feast 1
passover 1
gem 1
quizzing 1
sourly 1
knees 1
repeating 1
_peaks_ 1
_towering 1
bathe 1
twere 1
peerless 1
panorama 1
ireland 1
unmatched 1
despite 1
wellpraised 1
prototypes 1
prize 1
regions 1
bosky 1
grove 1
undulating 1
pastureland 1
vernal 1
steeped 1
transcendent 1
translucent 1
mysterious 1
native 1
doric 1
mantles 1
vista 1
wide 1
glowing 1
orb 1
irradiate 1
effulgence 1
bold 1
harsh 1
memorable 1
recalled 1
winner 1
files 1
crackingly 1
collision 1
ensues 1
comic 1
whined 1
rubbing 1
mouthorgan 1
echoed 1
hallway 1
doorsteps 1
exit 1
cortège 1
calumet 1
declaimed 1
machugh 1
lighting 1
grandeur 1
rome 1
extended 1
elocutionary 1
frayed 1
shirtcuffs 1
pausing 1
construct 1
watercloset 1
shindy 1
wellknown 1
causes 1
noble 1
marquess 1
mentioned 1
limerick 1
announced 1
gladly 1
omnium 1
gatherum 1
announcing 1
rhymes 1
reasons 1
links 1
bygone 1
yore 1
_and 1
porches 1
pour 1
italia 1
magistra 1
artium 1
period 1
moulding 1
_that 1
stony 1
effigy 1
horned 1
symbol 1
wisdom 1
prophecy 1
aught 1
imagination 1
sculptor 1
wrought 1
marble 1
soultransfigured 1
soultransfiguring 1
trophy 1
morale 1
transported 1
remote 1
ancient 1
highpriest 1
addressed 1
revealed 1
emerged 1
primitive 1
conditions 1
literature 1
priesthood 1
agelong 1
history 1
polity 1
vagrants 1
daylabourers 1
trembles 1
boldly 1
lightnings 1
sinai 1
mountaintop 1
inspiration 1
countenance 1
tables 1
law 1
graven 1
outlaw 1
led 1
admonishing 1
lunge 1
follow 1
pattering 1
rushed 1
breathless 1
whirl 1
offices 1
_irish 1
catholic_ 1
_dublin 1
journal_ 1
interview 1
editor 1
raising 1
column 1
waddler 1
slightly 1
rambunctious 1
females 1
dames 1
donate 1
cits 1
speedpills 1
velocitous 1
aeroliths 1
belief 1
hæc 1
otia 1
pisgah 1
palestine_ 1
parable 1
plums 1
horatio 1
cynosure 1
june 1
kino 1
funnybone 1
warning 1
lives 1
ceased 1
canvassing 1
_freeman 1
smiledyawnednodded 1
sated 1
tearwashed 1
prolonging 1
solemn 1
echo 1
closes 1
bars 1
cenar 1
teco 1
urbane 1
comfort 1
quaker 1
librarian 1
purred 1
waxing 1
wroth 1
ou 1
distrait 1
pièce 1
shakespeare_ 1
newgathered 1
frown 1
speaks 1
burbage 1
player 1
rack 1
cerecloth 1
hamlet 1
murmured 1
blond 1
due 1
_homestead 1
blushing 1
mask 1
tiptoing 1
heaven 1
altitude 1
chopine 1
outgoing 1
loaded 1
tilebooks 1
quoth 1
littlejohn 1
_amor 1
vero 1
aliquid 1
alicui 1
bonum 1
vult 1
unde 1
ea 1
quae 1
concupiscimus 1
_was 1
verlachst 1
wirst 1
noch 1
dienen 1
unlit 1
desk 1
aloud 1
thrust 1
keened 1
querulous 1
brogue 1
wailed 1
eager 1
glanced 1
unglanced 1
rattled 1
_life 1
enkindle 1
tu 1
veux 1
upturned 1
_punkt 1
steadfast 1
_mingo 1
minxi 1
mictum 1
mingere 1
_sufflaminandus 1
sum 1
societate 1
humana 1
hoc 1
maxime 1
necessarium 1
amicitia 1
inter 1
multos 1
postea 1
buckmulligan 1
_piano 1
diminuendo_ 1
eagerquietly 1
attendant 1
_eureka 1
unwed 1
unfancied 1
ware 1
wiles 1
fingerponder 1
nightly 1
variorum 1
taming 1
shrew 1
honeying 1
malice 1
amused 1
mused 1
selfnodding 1
panamahelmeted 1
iambing 1
footed 1
featly 1
mopping 1
chanting 1
waving 1
graceful 1
varying 1
tablet 1
_everyman 1
national 1
immorality 1
orgasms 1
ballocky 1
_marcato 1
characters 1
mirthfully 1
shadows 1
sixeyed 1
adiutorium 1
calmly 1
mutely 1
nones 1
_res_ 1
_beati 1
immaculati 1
principium 1
verborum 1
tuorum 1
veritas 1
eternum 1
iudicia 1
iustitiæ 1
tuæ 1
_sin 1
principes 1
persecuti 1
gratis 1
verbis 1
tuis 1
formidavit 1
cor 1
rourke 1
shirtsleeves 1
unamiably 1
bayed 1
dropped 1
minstrel 1
kettlelid 1
pad 1
fingertip 1
random 1
crumbs 1
chunks 1
maggy 1
exclaimed 1
invece 1
sacrifica 1
addio 1
caro 1
_e 1
grazie 1
tante 1
cose 1
dunne 1
clicked 1
piebald 1
caved 1
cubit 1
raoul 1
_her 1
glued 1
voluptuous 1
opulent 1
déshabillé 1
mastering 1
troubled 1
aware 1
comment 1
clapper 1
feebly 1
din 1
pursing 1
_at 1
siege 1
ross 1
guide 1
killarney 1
_stephano 1
dedalo 1
alumno 1
optimo 1
palmam 1
ferenti 1
talisman 1
folded 1
amen 1
_nebrakada 1
femininum 1
greeted 1
sneeringly 1
roomy 1
flicked 1
fluff 1
trod 1
onelegged 1
ratsteeth 1
bared 1
_coactus 1
volui 1
provost 1
jauntily 1
stepping 1
tan 1
clocks 1
refrain 1
yorkshire 1
unseen 1
brazen 1
highland 1
laddies 1
blared 1
drumthumped 1
_cortège_ 1
ex 1
agog 1
tittered 1
haughty 1
bidding 1
adieu 1
fulldrawn 1
grimaced 1
grunted 1
snuffy 1
fogey 1
unplugged 1
chimed 1
kennygiggles 1
pinnacles 1
tortoise 1
napecomb 1
coughing 1
crying 1
tumbler 1
idolores 1
eastern 1
seas 1
teacup 1
poised 1
rote 1
solfa 1
fable 1
plappering 1
sighed 1
teabathed 1
interval 1
raised 1
grog 1
voiceless 1
morn 1
slighting 1
hailed 1
shebronze 1
dealing 1
oblique 1
jar 1
syrupy 1
liquor 1
flowed 1
syrupped 1
hie 1
_sonnez 1
sonnez 1
_sweetheart 1
pensive 1
bar 1
sister 1
nonexquisite 1
dim 1
seagreen 1
sliding 1
whizzed 1
puffed 1
savoury 1
puff 1
bassooned 1
booming 1
bombarding 1
chords 1
ardent 1
foror 1
morrow 1
appari 1
tutt 1
mio 1
sguardo 1
incontr 1
_sorrow 1
depart 1
co 1
ome 1
struggling 1
twas 1
rank 1
fame 1
confessing 1
_mea 1
culpa 1
_bless 1
tap 1
_when 1
_done 1
moneys 1
paw 1
porter 1
poll 1
blackguard 1
influence 1
_7 1
hunter 1
liverpool 1
sheriff 1
_honoured 1
offer 1
services 1
abovementioned 1
painful 1
gann 1
bootle 1
febuary 1
1900 1
arthur 1
chace 1
fowl 1
jessie 1
tilsit 1
pentonville 1
billington 1
executed 1
murderer 1
toad 1
special 1
nack 1
noose 1
hoping 1
favoured 1
remain 1
terms 1
ginnees 1
rumbold 1
barber 1
scientist 1
herr 1
luitpold 1
blumenduft 1
tendered 1
evidence 1
effect 1
instantaneous 1
fracture 1
cervical 1
vertebrae 1
consequent 1
scission 1
spinal 1
according 1
approved 1
tradition 1
science 1
calculated 1
inevitably 1
produce 1
violent 1
ganglionic 1
stimulus 1
centres 1
apparatus 1
thereby 1
causing 1
pores 1
_corpora 1
cavernosa_ 1
dilate 1
instantaneously 1
facilitate 1
flow 1
anatomy 1
known 1
penis 1
resulting 1
phenomenon 1
denominated 1
faculty 1
morbid 1
upwards 1
outwards 1
philoprogenitive 1
erection 1
articulo 1
mortis 1
diminutionem 1
capitis 1
mailed 1
gauntlet 1
brushed 1
overheard 1
privileged 1
burghers 1
immediate 1
_entourage 1
faltering 1
undertone 1
ironical 1
opposition 1
cuts 1
lawn 1
circulation 1
recorder 1
brutal 1
sassenachs 1
_patois 1
trace 1
europe 1
_cabinet 1
aisance 1
lingo 1
perfide 1
frailty 1
_sceptre 1
muck 1
paraphernalia 1
_adiutorium 1
domini 1
_qui 1
cœlum 1
terram 1
_dominus 1
vobiscum 1
spiritu 1
thanks 1
cuius 1
verbo 1
sanctificantur 1
benedictionem 1
effunde 1
super 1
creaturas 1
istas 1
praesta 1
quisquis 1
eis 1
secundum 1
legem 1
voluntatem 1
gratiarum 1
actione 1
usus 1
fuerit 1
invocationem 1
sanctissimi 1
nominis 1
tui 1
corporis 1
sanitatem 1
animæ 1
tutelam 1
auctore 1
percipiat 1
christum 1
bawls 1
nation 1
jarvey 1
ahead 1
whisht 1
loafers 1
jaw 1
loafer 1
_if 1
jew_ 1
elbow 1
pig 1
prattled 1
mariner 1
coaxed 1
winningly 1
majesty 1
obstreperous 1
toilet 1
formalities 1
canon 1
hanlon 1
sacrament 1
genuflected 1
_laudate 1
omnes 1
gentes_ 1
benediction 1
conroy 1
crosscat 1
wasn 1
whistled 1
sodabread 1
fried 1
catsup 1
canarybird 1
foreign 1
occasion 1
vincent 1
composing 1
boatswain 1
chanty 1
partulam 1
pertundam 1
nunc 1
bibendum 1
_ex 1
whistles 1
imprisons 1
virago 1
retorts 1
soaring 1
jockeycap 1
attends 1
sneer 1
discontent 1
wrinkling 1
famished 1
snaggletusks 1
protrude 1
sniffling 1
crouched 1
bertha 1
supple 1
triumphaliter 1
salvi 1
facti 1
scares 1
lecherous 1
lynx 1
_la 1
sans 1
merci 1
johnson 1
_ad 1
laetificat 1
iuventutem 1
meam 1
span 1
planes 1
intersecting 1
shouldering 1
flaring 1
cresset 1
stare 1
truculent 1
wellington 1
convex 1
grin 1
unstruck 1
bonham 1
fatchuck 1
cheekchops 1
jollypoldy 1
rixdix 1
doldy 1
reappears 1
hurries 1
presses 1
groans 1
cormack 1
_two 1
cyclists 1
aswing 1
grazing 1
bangs 1
footgong 1
guidewheel 1
yells 1
slides 1
keys 1
brushes 1
mudflake 1
wideleaved 1
sombrero 1
_buenas 1
noches 1
señorita 1
blanca 1
que 1
es 1
esta 1
_sraid 1
mabbot 1
ragsackman 1
sackragman 1
swerves 1
stepaside 1
hunted 1
tommy 1
tilt 1
pats 1
fobpocket 1
bookpocket 1
pursepoke 1
streaks 1
crubeen 1
trotter 1
crestfallen 1
feels 1
feetmeat 1
ja 1
ich 1
papachi 1
mumbling 1
downcast 1
bestow 1
parcels 1
filled 1
desists 1
yashmak 1
raven 1
fiercely 1
goldcurb 1
wristbangles 1
angriling 1
scolding 1
stoops 1
leapfrog 1
lemon 1
arises 1
diffusing 1
freckled 1
sweny 1
druggist 1
soapsun 1
_ti 1
trema 1
un 1
poco 1
cuore 1
disdain 1
saunters 1
pampered 1
pouter 1
humming 1
duet 1
from_ 1
giovanni 1
bristles 1
chinmole 1
glittering 1
gap 1
den 1
rainbedraggled 1
bridie 1
kelly 1
squeaks 1
weaker 1
ogling 1
coyly 1
bloodied 1
clout 1
frieze 1
overcoat 1
causeway 1
roguish 1
wideopen 1
herbivorous 1
buckteeth 1
kaffir 1
tusks 1
rattle 1
breakdown 1
clogs 1
twinging 1
smackfatclacking 1
sam 1
whisk 1
masks 1
babby 1
chuckling 1
chortling 1
trumming 1
twanging 1
cakewalk 1
tenderly 1
là 1
ci 1
darem 1
mano 1
bergan 1
cloaked 1
pall 1
ace 1
opens 1
polonies 1
kippered 1
herrings 1
haddies 1
tightpacked 1
pills 1
pat 1
bothered 1
beetle 1
curbstone 1
folding 1
napkin 1
lurching 1
flaming 1
pronghorn 1
terrier 1
whining 1
piteously 1
wagging 1
armless 1
flop 1
wrestling 1
growling 1
maimed 1
sodden 1
playfight 1
spattered 1
lime 1
lodges 1
frisk 1
limblessly 1
singly 1
coupled 1
dishevelled 1
corners 1
shebeenkeeper 1
haggles 1
outlolling 1
panting 1
sicksweet 1
floats 1
ovalling 1
wreaths 1
lays 1
covey 1
gulls 1
storm 1
petrels 1
liffey 1
slime 1
banbury 1
cakes 1
beaks 1
barstool 1
sways 1
munching 1
spaniel 1
silently 1
signor 1
maffei 1
passionpale 1
liontamer 1
diamond 1
studs 1
shirtfront 1
circus 1
paperhoop 1
carriagewhip 1
revolver 1
gorging 1
boarhound 1
headband 1
mercurialised 1
dangles 1
hank 1
telephone 1
receiver 1
nozzle 1
labelled_ 1
matcham 1
masterstrokes 1
crook 1
scouringbrush 1
acclimatised 1
britisher 1
eve 1
footplate 1
cab 1
loop 1
railway 1
refrained 1
glimpses 1
loveful 1
households 1
urban 1
district 1
scenes 1
rural 1
happiness 1
dockrell 1
wallpaper 1
ninepence 1
britishborn 1
bairns 1
lisping 1
prayers 1
sacred 1
scholars 1
pensums 1
model 1
pianoforte 1
anon 1
fervour 1
reciting 1
rosary 1
crackling 1
yulelog 1
boreens 1
colleens 1
swains 1
strolled 1
strains 1
organtoned 1
melodeon 1
britannia 1
metalbound 1
acting 1
twelvefold 1
sacrifice 1
bargain 1
reporters 1
complain 1
cannot 1
a_ 1
titbits 1
_back 1
number_ 1
torn 1
frockcoat 1
whitewash 1
dinged 1
strip 1
stickingplaster 1
talks 1
lilt 1
dlugacz 1
ferreteyed 1
albino 1
dungarees 1
applies 1
scrutinises 1
galloping 1
rosepink 1
court 1
surges 1
highly 1
respectable 1
improper 1
received 1
ringletted 1
bevy 1
bend 1
timepiece 1
unportalling 1
brass 1
quoits 1
jingle 1
panel 1
revealing 1
jurybox 1
silkhatted 1
leonard 1
nosey 1
featureless 1
nameless 1
arise 1
starkly 1
mosaic 1
ramshorns 1
skullcap 1
subsheriff 1
fanning 1
pungent 1
clay 1
grimly 1
knobbed 1
knuckledusters 1
toll 1
loud 1
ghouleaten 1
mutilated 1
ashen 1
moonwards 1
bays 1
lugubriously 1
coffey 1
chaplain 1
toadbellied 1
wrynecked 1
surplice 1
bandanna 1
nightcap 1
sleepily 1
staff 1
listens 1
visible 1
stiffpointed 1
_tom 1
rochford 1
robinredbreasted 1
jumps 1
twocolumned 1
kisses 1
winging 1
bowers 1
fly 1
twittering 1
warbling 1
cooing 1
alight 1
giddy 1
flecks 1
silvery 1
sequins 1
higgins 1
sapphire 1
buckles 1
slim 1
velvet 1
fillet 1
nods 1
accosts 1
thigh 1
dumb 1
softens 1
shame 1
lust 1
exudes 1
strangely 1
singsong 1
odalisk 1
lusciously 1
smeared 1
salve 1
swinefat 1
rosewater 1
schorach 1
ani 1
wenowach 1
benoith 1
hierushaloim 1
roses 1
apart 1
disclose 1
sepulchre 1
kings 1
mouldering 1
midnight 1
chimes 1
steeples 1
aurora 1
borealis 1
torchlight 1
procession 1
_they 1
agreement 1
branches 1
wrenbushes 1
sunburst 1
northwest 1
homage 1
approaching 1
genuflecting 1
wireless 1
intercontinental 1
interplanetary 1
transmitters 1
reception 1
outburst 1
cheering 1
loyal 1
sightseers 1
collapses 1
elongated 1
pokes 1
stomach 1
standard 1
zion 1
hoisted 1
official 1
translation 1
ter 1
keeper 1
lorry 1
goddesses 1
callipyge 1
pandemos 1
metempsychosis 1
plaster 1
representing 1
muses 1
commerce 1
operatic 1
publicity 1
manufacture 1
liberty 1
plural 1
voting 1
gastronomy 1
hygiene 1
entertainments 1
painless 1
obstetrics 1
astronomy 1
attractive 1
enthusiastic 1
commit 1
suicide 1
stabbing 1
drowning 1
prussic 1
aconite 1
refusing 1
casting 1
steamrollers 1
vat 1
brewery 1
asphyxiating 1
placing 1
gasovens 1
storeys 1
shopkeepers 1
objects 1
commercial 1
hambones 1
condensed 1
tins 1
unsaleable 1
stale 1
pieces 1
pervaginal 1
examination 1
application 1
test 1
5427 1
anal 1
axillary 1
pectoral 1
pubic 1
hairs 1
_virgo 1
intacta 1
grade 1
organs 1
wedding 1
watchchains 1
lockets 1
necklaces 1
collected 1
appointed 1
countries 1
directors 1
traffic 1
managers 1
railways 1
chairmen 1
limited 1
liability 1
companies 1
vicechairmen 1
syndicates 1
net 1
climbs 1
ledge 1
eats 1
twelve 1
shells 1
included 1
heals 1
sufferers 1
contracts 1
resemble 1
historical 1
personages 1
beaconsfield 1
wat 1
tyler 1
maimonides 1
mendelssohn 1
irving 1
rip 1
van 1
winkle 1
kossuth 1
jean 1
jacques 1
rousseau 1
baron 1
rothschild 1
robinson 1
crusoe 1
sherlock 1
holmes 1
pasteur 1
simultaneously 1
directions 1
bids 1
eclipses 1
extending 1
brini 1
nuncio 1
zouave 1
uniform 1
steel 1
cuirasses 1
breastplate 1
armplates 1
thighplates 1
legplates 1
profane 1
mitre 1
leopoldi 1
autem 1
generatio 1
vocabitur 1
nomen 1
eius 1
emmanuel 1
mission 1
joining 1
caper 1
artane 1
orphans 1
wag 1
beards 1
mesias 1
goose 1
presenting 1
reuben 1
dodd 1
blackbearded 1
iscariot 1
shepherd 1
corpse 1
pillory 1
lamentations 1
prayerbooks 1
candles 1
pray 1
mute 1
shrunken 1
carbonised 1
armpits 1
vice 1
sinuous 1
folds 1
lurks 1
reek 1
possessed 1
awkwardly 1
indicates 1
mockingly 1
stye 1
droops 1
eyelid 1
_ecco 1
obese 1
stupidity 1
ragged 1
jogging 1
wagtail 1
kite 1
patter 1
sees 1
hobgoblin 1
image 1
punch 1
hipshot 1
crookbacked 1
hydrocephalic 1
prognathic 1
receding 1
sloper 1
tumbles 1
somersaults 1
gathering 1
vacuum 1
drifting 1
blares 1
coughs 1
feetshuffling 1
infinite 1
invisible 1
tightrope 1
taut 1
zenith 1
nadir 1
twoheaded 1
octopus 1
gillie 1
busby 1
tartan 1
filibegs 1
whirls 1
murk 1
thumps 1
parapet 1
rasps 1
gratingly 1
needle 1
beatitudes 1
dixon 1
crotthers 1
bannon 1
surgical 1
students 1
gowns 1
abreast 1
goosestepping 1
marching 1
wears 1
mandarin 1
nankeen 1
lizardlettered 1
pagoda 1
grasps 1
crayfish 1
talons 1
gasjet 1
wails 1
crooking 1
adjusts 1
mantle 1
quills 1
project 1
surveys 1
uncertainly 1
gazes 1
mauve 1
hearing 1
everflying 1
jaws 1
settles 1
goffered 1
ruffs 1
moistens 1
passage 1
amorous 1
gallant 1
dewlap 1
almidano 1
artifoni 1
batonroll 1
moustachework 1
rovina 1
tutto 1
masked 1
matthew 1
arnold 1
sober 1
était 1
sacré 1
whips 1
jumbo 1
rubicund 1
musclebound 1
hairynostrilled 1
hugebearded 1
cabbageeared 1
shaggychested 1
shockmaned 1
fatpapped 1
loins 1
genitals 1
tightened 1
bathing 1
bagslops 1
callan 1
quigley 1
ringkeepers 1
ropes 1
mob 1
_dreck 1
reaches 1
ungainly 1
stilthops 1
deftly 1
pusyellow 1
flybill 1
butting 1
unscrews 1
trice 1
exeunt 1
severally 1
releasing 1
invokes 1
wave 1
gestures 1
proclaims 1
bloated 1
pomp 1
cardinal 1
unable 1
repress 1
merriment 1
akimbo 1
scratches 1
grimacing 1
exclaims 1
mellow 1
afar 1
melodious 1
trick 1
doorhandle 1
involuntarily 1
closing 1
nervously 1
adroit 1
snap 1
catches 1
crack 1
firm 1
heelclacking 1
beryl 1
eardrops 1
falcon 1
glitter 1
tapping 1
stifflegged 1
aging 1
hoof 1
gentle 1
laces 1
dull 1
darker 1
pouched 1
thickens 1
piercing 1
epileptic 1
sinks 1
fours 1
snuffling 1
shamming 1
trembling 1
attitude 1
excellent 1
creeps 1
squeals 1
turtle 1
brothel 1
cook 1
keogh 1
wrinkled 1
greybearded 1
bib 1
floursmeared 1
rollingpin 1
pastry 1
pinion 1
bootlaces 1
cassidy 1
hag 1
stripling 1
rhinoceros 1
bangle 1
hollow 1
wold 1
fairhaired 1
greenvested 1
slimsandalled 1
seawind 1
breaks 1
wonderwide 1
clenches 1
fists 1
crawls 1
bowieknife 1
weeps 1
tearlessly 1
swaying 1
wail 1
pneuma 1
recreant 1
guttural 1
cast 1
fruit 1
shema 1
israel 1
elohenu 1
echad 1
oakframe 1
unbound 1
clad 1
teabrown 1
artcolours 1
grotto 1
interlacing 1
yews 1
_photo 1
bits 1
cascade 1
halcyon 1
jerseys 1
shorts 1
donald 1
turnbull 1
abraham 1
chatterton 1
owen 1
goldberg 1
meredith 1
percy 1
apjohn 1
clearing 1
cheer 1
staggering 1
whitepolled 1
calf 1
ruminating 1
humid 1
foliage 1
rhododendrons 1
nannygoat 1
plumpuddered 1
buttytailed 1
currants 1
silversilent 1
dummy 1
mummy 1
roteatingly 1
purple 1
kish 1
_sails 1
broadening 1
plume 1
coalsmoke 1
funnel 1
serpenting 1
woodland 1
treestems 1
cooeeing 1
grouse 1
clumsily 1
underwood 1
trouserbutton 1
coombe 1
rainily 1
_saul 1
fumbles 1
banknote 1
rights 1
clasping 1
adds 1
crowns 1
bumps 1
poundnote 1
strikes 1
proceeds 1
cigarette 1
enigmatic 1
melancholy 1
dona 1
pacem 1
throws 1
grate 1
extends 1
bloodoath 1
dusk 1
gods 1
frowns 1
lowered 1
pandybat 1
dolan 1
benign 1
rectorial 1
reproving 1
liz 1
rooster 1
hatching 1
chalked 1
circle 1
clucks 1
waddles 1
releases 1
writes 1
backhand 1
pencilling 1
sadly 1
crossblind 1
lydia 1
yachtsman 1
officiously 1
detaches 1
whispers 1
strides 1
whispering 1
lovewords 1
liplapping 1
poppysmic 1
plopslop 1
beardless 1
rigid 1
facial 1
paralysis 1
crowned 1
reflection 1
reindeer 1
antlered 1
cuffs 1
streamers 1
flaunting 1
sidling 1
japanesily 1
finny 1
outspread 1
ce 1
pif 1
qu 1
_vive 1
vampire 1
trapezes 1
desire 1
bestial 1
pollutes 1
liver 1
omlet 1
_pièce 1
ceases 1
forefinger 1
hilloes 1
somewhat 1
ready 1
crows 1
touts 1
bookies 1
wizard 1
clamour 1
deafeningly 1
spavined 1
whitegaitered 1
jogs 1
rocky 1
garrett 1
deasy 1
bolt 1
upright 1
nailscraped 1
plastered 1
postagestamps 1
brandishes 1
hockeystick 1
prism 1
mount 1
lopes 1
schooling 1
gallop 1
vias 1
rectas 1
yoke 1
buckets 1
leopards 1
rearing 1
torrent 1
broth 1
coins 1
carrots 1
barley 1
turnips 1
beating 1
tripudium 1
tinily 1
pianostool 1
handless 1
nodding 1
damsel 1
bowknot 1
bobbing 1
breastbone 1
bows 1
fondles 1
tout 1
monde 1
en 1
fade 1
rosy 1
linked 1
haircombs 1
mocking 1
_balance 1
cavaliers 1
arch 1
suspend 1
rising 1
gauze 1
bat 1
breeze 1
croisé 1
weary 1
curchycurchy 1
veils 1
arabesquing 1
wearily 1
weave 1
weaving 1
unweaving 1
curtseying 1
escargots 1
cumbrously 1
remerciez 1
groangrousegurgling 1
whirligig 1
roundabout 1
waltzes 1
_pas 1
seul 1
clang 1
tinkle 1
boomhammer 1
tallyho 1
flashes 1
hobbyhorse 1
riders 1
gilded 1
snakes 1
dangled 1
fandango 1
spurn 1
soil 1
confessors 1
voicelessly 1
particoloured 1
jester 1
puce 1
clown 1
scone 1
_epi 1
oinopa 1
ponton 1
_love 1
bitter 1
crab 1
malignant 1
_non 1
serviam 1
rushes 1
_nothung 1
livid 1
final 1
flame 1
shattered 1
glass 1
masonry 1
abandoning 1
stark 1
returns 1
friend 1
hoppy 1
holohan 1
maninthestreet 1
othermaninthestreet 1
footballboots 1
driver 1
ellen 1
lidwell 1
superintendent 1
laracy 1
crofton 1
collector 1
dan 1
dawson 1
dental 1
surgeon 1
tweezers 1
kennefick 1
handsomemarriedwomanrubbedagainstwidebehindinclonskea 1
tram 1
bookseller 1
of_ 1
_miss 1
dubedatandshedidbedad 1
mesdames 1
gerald 1
stanislaus 1
moran 1
roebuck 1
drimmie 1
colonel 1
hayes 1
aaron 1
figatner 1
herzog 1
geraghty 1
inspector 1
troy 1
constable 1
eccles 1
stethoscope 1
beach 1
miriam 1
dandrade 1
lovers 1
whowhat 1
brawlaltogether 1
swimming 1
pace 1
roar 1
welcome 1
greets 1
graciously 1
acknowledgment 1
levitates 1
heaps 1
slain 1
garb 1
halo 1
joking 1
jujube 1
phosphorescent 1
kevin 1
tasselled 1
signs 1
rabbitface 1
nibbling 1
quince 1
leaf 1
_socialiste 1
emerald 1
shillelagh 1
ropenoose 1
gripes 1
issuing 1
assistants 1
leap 1
victim 1
drag 1
protrudes 1
bellingham 1
yelverton 1
barry 1
honourable 1
mervyn 1
talboys 1
rush 1
sop 1
dances 1
contentment 1
gummy 1
granny 1
toadstool 1
deathflower 1
blight 1
_erin 1
bragh 1
salute 1
fierce 1
hostility 1
pilgrim 1
warrior 1
sign 1
knights 1
templars 1
massed 1
bands 1
garryowen 1
save 1
ecstatically 1
cassock 1
mortarboard 1
celebrant 1
_introibo 1
altare 1
diaboli 1
chalice 1
elevates 1
blooddripping 1
corpus 1
strident 1
peasants 1
townsmen 1
factions 1
sing_ 1
nosing 1
barks 1
noisily 1
drags 1
laqueo 1
se 1
suspendit 1
grab 1
claw 1
raincaped 1
corny 1
kelleher 1
weepers 1
wreath 1
disperses 1
move 1
neighs 1
gloom 1
looms 1
harness 1
jingles 1
shakes 1
thickly 1
prolonged 1
vowels 1
sighing 1
doubling 1
reads 1
lambkin 1
prowl 1
arches 1
saluted 1
alluding 1
encounter 1
laughingly 1
intelligence 1
seemingly 1
evinced 1
interest 1
gazed 1
abstractedly 1
bucketdredger 1
rejoicing 1
farfamed 1
eblana 1
moored 1
alongside 1
customhouse 1
quay 1
repair 1
whereupon 1
observed 1
evasively 1
culo 1
rotto 1
sovrano 1
dice 1
lui 1
però 1
mortacci 1
sui 1
cinque 1
testa 1
availing 1
acquaintance 1
dispute 1
quandary 1
_voglio_ 1
remarked 1
_protégé_ 1
audible 1
_à 1
propos_ 1
battle 1
raging 1
furious 1
voglio 1
suffering 1
lassitude 1
generally 1
redbearded 1
weather 1
newcomers 1
boarded 1
whom 1
singled 1
particular 1
squarely 1
nick 1
companion 1
boot 1
apparently 1
disregarding 1
pressure 1
unexpected 1
quarter 1
connection 1
accord 1
occupants 1
shelter 1
remark 1
demolished 1
bloodthirstily 1
buffalo 1
shoots 1
kill 1
scarcely 1
resident 1
jarvies 1
request 1
deposited 1
chewing 1
stammers 1
proceeded 1
pulpy 1
lodging 1
ferociously 1
beni 1
bolivia 1
volunteering 1
statement 1
_soi 1
disant_ 1
munched 1
heavily 1
awhile 1
gallowsbird 1
alleged 1
merely 1
thus 1
cornered 1
superhuman 1
memory 1
concentrate 1
thoroughly 1
acquiesced 1
gist 1
mystical 1
finesse 1
involved 1
sublunary 1
bound 1
demurrer 1
promptly 1
rejoining 1
successful 1
libation 1
_cum_ 1
potation 1
introducing 1
atmosphere 1
_soirée_ 1
boisterously 1
veritable 1
seacook 1
patently 1
crosstempered 1
shoved 1
mug 1
politely 1
arabian 1
nights 1
entertainment_ 1
favourite 1
_red 1
neverfailing 1
hesitation 1
swerved 1
perceiving 1
sharp 1
lookout 1
plucked 1
jocosely 1
_johannes 1
jeep_ 1
sirens 1
murderers 1
boggled 1
diaconal 1
hozier 1
_history 1
russo 1
turkish 1
_city 1
arms_ 1
highness 1
faggot 1
farthing 1
masses 1
miser 1
4d 1
methylated 1
ailments 1
chat 1
earthquakes 1
bathingsuits 1
lownecks 1
cover 1
welleducated 1
gabby 1
glad 1
fur 1
waiters 1
beggars 1
proud 1
serious 1
dring 1
staying 1
smutty 1
puling 1
bleeds 1
tragic 1
dyinglooking 1
circular 1
sprained 1
stack 1
basket 1
grown 1
bandaging 1
dosing 1
razor 1
paring 1
bloodpoisoning 1
appetite 1
feed 1
pack 1
planning 1
hynes 1
babbyface 1
pooles 1
myriorama 1
slinked 1
conscious 1
almighty 1
boiled 1
stupoes 1
dignams 1
blottingpaper 1
softy 1
forty 1
wheedle 1
straws 1
padding 1
suspicion 1
servants 1
proposing 1
christmas 1
stealing 1
doz 1
robbery 1
suggesting 1
spy 1
quicker 1
dirt 1
barefaced 1
sloven 1
denying 1
tolka 1
steals 1
pressed 1
dining 1
nicelooking 1
confuse 1
seduce 1
frigging 1
coalman 1
dean 1
temples 1
gardens 1
knitting 1
woollen 1
monuments 1
encouraging 1
emperor 1
ruination 1
ordinary 1
wildly 1
sometime 1
paralyses 1
confession 1
corrigan 1
whereabouts 1
already 1
confessed 1
bullneck 1
horsecollar 1
died 1
cries 1
embraced 1
vestments 1
incense 1
careful 1
penance 1
slapping 1
familiarly 1
ass 1
awake 1
whisky 1
sweety 1
paste 1
bills 1
liqueur 1
sip 1
richlooking 1
expensive 1
stagedoor 1
johnnies 1
tasted 1
dipped 1
american 1
squirrel 1
potted 1
salty 1
popped 1
thunder 1
woke 1
heavens 1
punish 1
hail 1
thunderbolts 1
rushing 1
contrition 1
whitefriars 1
chapel 1
scoff 1
vein 1
blinds 1
perfuming 1
crowbar 1
stallion 1
determined 1
vicious 1
halfshut 1
amount 1
purefoys 1
swing 1
whiskers 1
filling 1
budgers 1
shock 1
jesusjack 1
squad 1
healthy 1
elephants 1
risked 1
strong 1
jolly 1
powell 1
thatll 1
spooning 1
scene 1
simpsons 1
housewarming 1
ram 1
liking 1
wallflower 1
standup 1
carpenter 1
sensitive 1
fuming 1
socialist 1
annoyed 1
mixedup 1
physician 1
coolness 1
byrons 1
poems 1
pairs 1
refused 1
tuck 1
veil 1
spinning 1
delighted 1
declaration 1
plabbery 1
manner 1
pop 1
rolling 1
pasty 1
flour 1
dreams 1
glauming 1
egging 1
blinking 1
indifferent 1
spoils 1
fits 1
giggles 1
hairpins 1
grigged 1
darken 1
dotty 1
hers 1
conversation 1
husbands 1
maggot 1
wipes 1
blacks 1
slippers 1
10000 1
postcard 1
p 1
bore 1
extinction 1
sex 1
maybrick 1
poisoned 1
downright 1
villain 1
dreadfully 1
aggravating 1
flypaper 1
greek 1
wise 1
madly 1
hang 1
surely 1
introduced 1
waggling 1
ordered 1
teas 1
sisters 1
wetting 1
brandnew 1
fad 1
suede 1
seat 1
lavatory 1
finder 1
crossing 1
aquamarine 1
bracelet 1
goodwins 1
botchup 1
windy 1
rum 1
mull 1
hearthrug 1
west 1
dung 1
katty 1
lanner 1
lucan 1
dairy 1
tasting 1
commenced 1
gounods 1
_ave 1
maria_ 1
tinny 1
notes 1
raving 1
surprise 1
lump 1
happen 1
begging 1
tiny 1
kenilworth 1
permitted 1
enquire 1
skeezing 1
brazenfaced 1
bicycles 1
skirts 1
blowing 1
navels 1
fete 1
cream 1
muslin 1
atom 1
harolds 1
cross 1
zingari 1
colours 1
complexion 1
slyboots 1
skulking 1
halfturned 1
pestered 1
openwork 1
excuse 1
santisima_ 1
dreeping 1
splendid 1
hungry 1
beseeched 1
lift 1
sunray 1
persevering 1
freak 1
jelly 1
deceiver 1
awkward 1
offended 1
brains 1
henny 1
doyle 1
charades 1
unlucky 1
seeing 1
dolphins 1
barn 1
describe 1
earth 1
embrace 1
vegetables 1
undressed 1
sloppy 1
blows 1
frostyface 1
flushed 1
stew 1
fright 1
gent 1
impossible 1
respectful 1
messengerboy 1
putoff 1
peaches 1
tattarrattat 1
late 1
seems 1
lame 1
england 1
powdered 1
anniversary 1
27th 1
fooling 1
bother 1
clergyman 1
cough 1
mallow 1
maryborough 1
ordering 1
rang 1
platform 1
splashing 1
spoonfuls 1
waiter 1
screeching 1
start 1
3rd 1
able 1
cork 1
jaunting 1
cushions 1
guard 1
therell 1
idiots 1
exceptional 1
workman 1
tunnels 1
eloped 1
teresas 1
clarendon 1
chits 1
missies 1
army 1
absentminded 1
brooch 1
roberts 1
map 1
managed 1
_stabat 1
mater_ 1
kindly 1
jesuits 1
freemason 1
thumping 1
copied 1
griffiths 1
boycott 1
mention 1
pretoria 1
ladysmith 1
bloemfontein 1
lieut 1
stanley 1
g 1
bn 1
east 1
lancs 1
rgt 1
enteric 1
khaki 1
brave 1
excitement 1
oom 1
paul 1
krugers 1
fight 1
finelooking 1
decently 1
regiment 1
review 1
roque 1
algeciras 1
fireflies 1
sham 1
acres 1
10th 1
hussars 1
dublins 1
tugela 1
mothball 1
drawer 1
exciting 1
shopping 1
buying 1
knuckle 1
police 1
smother 1
washy 1
handglass 1
powdering 1
expression 1
scrooching 1
hipbones 1
hairy 1
tingating 1
cither 1
stuff 1
welloff 1
perfect 1
swearing 1
outsider 1
lenehans 1
tip 1
cursing 1
pits 1
sponger 1
joult 1
featherbed 1
mayor 1
val 1
heathen 1
dessert 1
cracking 1
nuts 1
morsel 1
tasty 1
browned 1
plate 1
forks 1
fishslicers 1
hallmarked 1
slipped 1
muff 1
thankful 1
compliment 1
divided 1
chemises 1
andalusian 1
manola 1
secret 1
silkette 1
laddered 1
lewers 1
upset 1
risk 1
kidfitting 1
corsets 1
advertised 1
gentlewoman 1
hips 1
saved 1
delightful 1
obviating 1
unsightly 1
reduce 1
flesh 1
orourkes 1
pancake 1
xmas 1
cottage 1
hogwash 1
claret 1
spare 1
drouth 1
exercises 1
antifat 1
overdo 1
thin 1
cheque 1
lotion 1
piss 1
beeftea 1
chickensoup 1
opoponax 1
underneath 1
finer 1
peeled 1
burn 1
rent 1
lash 1
handful 1
measuring 1
cleaners 1
patching 1
youve 1
dearer 1
35 1
33 1
september 1
older 1
beautys 1
wane 1
magnificent 1
tossing 1
oshea 1
grantham 1
langtry 1
roads 1
45 1
books 1
francois 1
bumgut 1
blackguards 1
tyrants 1
hook 1
champagne 1
slipper 1
crib 1
inchicore 1
lilies 1
chuck 1
knocks 1
office 1
throne 1
prefers 1
plottering 1
stir 1
programme 1
smoke 1
pipe 1
mooching 1
advertisements 1
promoted 1
manager 1
mirada 1
mischief 1
rubbishy 1
todd 1
lees 1
rummage 1
sale 1
shops 1
kills 1
mathering 1
scour 1
shelves 1
advices 1
weddingcake 1
suited 1
dishcover 1
shopgirl 1
grafton 1
misfortune 1
bring 1
insolent 1
marked 1
insulted 1
firmer 1
sucking 1
thirsty 1
titties 1
marsala 1
fatten 1
curious 1
represent 1
placed 1
bags 1
cabbageleaf 1
cameron 1
highlander 1
market 1
wretch 1
pissing 1
babyclothes 1
surreys 1
relieved 1
greenhouse 1
harcourt 1
wonders 1
comerfords 1
oranges 1
lemonade 1
93 1
months 1
camerons 1
squatting 1
meadero 1
tore 1
sausage 1
admitted 1
pose 1
strumming 1
palace 1
younger 1
nymphs 1
hoses 1
jawbreakers 1
incarnation 1
explain 1
bite 1
scream 1
fearful 1
reason 1
pound 1
delicate 1
28 1
citrons 1
snapped 1
studenting 1
weaning 1
belladonna 1
prescription 1
sweeter 1
thicker 1
cows 1
budget 1
smoother 1
stretch 1
hug 1
sorts 1
fuck 1
shit 1
lines 1
strain 1
tumbling 1
thursday 1
mulveys 1
hairpin 1
horquilla 1
disobliging 1
switch 1
vain 1
80 1
100 1
wrinkles 1
domineering 1
atlantic 1
fleet 1
carabineros 1
sailors 1
santa 1
marriage 1
miracles 1
saints 1
easter 1
vatican 1
blessing 1
majestad 1
admirer 1
signed 1
jumped 1
tipped 1
appointment 1
bodice 1
drill 1
instructing 1
handwriting 1
shall 1
entered 1
sweetlike 1
nobleman 1
named 1
miguel 1
believed 1
jest 1
bloometh 1
imagining 1
crushed 1
bosom 1
pesetas 1
perragordas 1
taught 1
cappoquin 1
spain 1
spring 1
tiptop 1
rockgun 1
oharas 1
lightning 1
barbary 1
apes 1
clapham 1
careering 1
scorpion 1
robbing 1
chickens 1
inces 1
farm 1
stones 1
encourage 1
openly 1
highest 1
existence 1
galleries 1
casemates 1
frightful 1
saint 1
michaels 1
cave 1
icicles 1
ladders 1
mud 1
plotching 1
monkeys 1
chips 1
malta 1
sky 1
roundness 1
ricestraw 1
newness 1
transparent 1
pink 1
consumption 1
embarazada 1
ines 1
drop 1
banana 1
break 1
limesalts 1
wonderful 1
tormented 1
rousing 1
rrrsssstt 1
awokwokawok 1
bird 1
shy 1
moaning 1
blush 1
unbuttoned 1
lieutenant 1
faithfully 1
block 1
admiral 1
guess 1
recognise 1
character 1
beloved 1
dreamt 1
daylight 1
article 1
chronicle 1
blew 1
bag 1
biscuits 1
benady 1
bros 1
exploded 1
woodcocks 1
pigeons 1
screaming 1
guardhouse 1
burialplace 1
hebrew 1
pistol 1
crooked 1
settled 1
calypso 1
swinging 1
altar 1
preach 1
functions 1
caps 1
bloomers 1
print 1
visiting 1
practising 1
oblige 1
blooming 1
briggs 1
brig 1
names 1
ramsbottom 1
lunita 1
laredo 1
williss 1
jumping 1
pepper 1
poplars 1
pulling 1
india 1
voyages 1
ends 1
blown 1
windmill 1
flats 1
rubios 1
spyglass 1
sentry 1
board 1
frock 1
marche 1
coral 1
necklace 1
morocco 1
tangier 1
atlas 1
snow 1
river 1
elevation 1
decent 1
peau 1
despagne 1
faded 1
memento 1
claddagh 1
boers 1
opal 1
pure 1
carrot 1
sandfrog 1
shower 1
derelict 1
ship 1
harbour 1
cleanshaven 1
frseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeefrong 1
weeping 1
deaead 1
beyondre 1
ere 1
oer 1
mists 1
istsbeg 1
sooooooooooong 1
footlights 1
squealers 1
theother 1
sparrowfarts 1
skitting 1
someway 1
homemade 1
beauties 1
bootmakers 1
publicans 1
pardon 1
coach 1
wheelbarrow 1
alameda 1
bandnight 1
flash 1
bust 1
passion 1
mightnt 1
spite 1
mothers 1
snotty 1
cads 1
swell 1
choose 1
prima 1
donna 1
looooves 1
chin 1
double 1
ladys 1
bower 1
encore 1
moated 1
grange 1
winds 1
blow 1
choirstairs 1
lace 1
bubs 1
mended 1
envy 1
slobbering 1
fart 1
sweeeee 1
pianissimo 1
eeeee 1
relief 1
chop 1
queerlooking 1
porkbutchers 1
rogue 1
fill 1
smuts 1
nervous 1
undressing 1
icy 1
skeeting 1
mountains 1
sierra 1
race 1
hopping 1
stripped 1
washstand 1
dabbing 1
creaming 1
medicals 1
astray 1
gabber 1
squandering 1
orders 1
haddy 1
pumping 1
spoon 1
learned 1
cups 1
tray 1
fleas 1
licking 1
lecking 1
fresh 1
plaice 1
blancmange 1
currant 1
jam 1
lb 1
plum 1
apple 1
london 1
newcastle 1
williams 1
woods 1
eels 1
forgetting 1
everlasting 1
buckleys 1
loin 1
beef 1
rib 1
steak 1
scrag 1
calfs 1
pluck 1
picnic 1
invite 1
drove 1
furry 1
glen 1
strawberry 1
beds 1
examining 1
toenails 1
ham 1
sandwiches 1
purpose 1
holiday 1
coalboxes 1
cursed 1
bee 1
bray 1
boatman 1
ride 1
steeplechase 1
rough 1
crookeding 1
weight 1
reins 1
swamping 1
floods 1
oar 1
slipping 1
stirrup 1
mercy 1
whatsoever 1
calm 1
flannel 1
longnosed 1
spying 1
vomit 1
nickname 1
tube 1
ruined 1
saltwater 1
feather 1
blowy 1
annoying 1
provoking 1
sardines 1
bream 1
catalan 1
fishermens 1
baskets 1
luigi 1
hundred 1
genoa 1
earrings 1
barracks 1
salt 1
musical 1
drawingroom 1
brassplate 1
blooms 1
venice 1
moonlight 1
gondolas 1
lake 1
como 1
mandolines 1
medal 1
putty 1
rim 1
invents 1
crust 1
prevent 1
shutting 1
hardened 1
criminal 1
lloyds 1
weekly 1
news 1
murders 1
madhouse 1
poker 1
mouse 1
sheet 1
frightened 1
wits 1
benefit 1
steal 1
grandfather 1
skerrys 1
certain 1
plots 1
fidgets 1
chair 1
loglady 1
glasscase 1
broke 1
gimcrack 1
roughness 1
carelessness 1
mend 1
join 1
teem 1
honest 1
fact 1
helping 1
shelf 1
sons 1
romps 1
demand 1
bounds 1
skatingrink 1
thread 1
button 1
sewed 1
stitched 1
parting 1
plumpudding 1
halves 1
kettle 1
blackbottom 1
windowsill 1
rag 1
touchmenot 1
theatres 1
wiggle 1
pit 1
beerbohm 1
barebum 1
daft 1
stylishdressed 1
switzers 1
game 1
recognised 1
broadstone 1
shell 1
attendance 1
mumps 1
glands 1
yet 1
22 1
giggling 1
conny 1
connolly 1
sealed 1
sealingwax 1
clapped 1
curtain 1
harvey 1
supper 1
majority 1
particle 1
natures 1
nowadays 1
usually 1
rags 1
powder 1
restless 1
stay 1
fishwoman 1
trottingmatches 1
trap 1
friery 1
exasperated 1
contradicting 1
badtempered 1
cheese 1
ate 1
knives 1
command 1
correct 1
faith 1
teartap 1
darent 1
order 1
slaving 1
proper 1
sneezing 1
farting 1
smelly 1
dishcloth 1
dresser 1
friends 1
entertain 1
criticiser 1
cricket 1
sock 1
prizes 1
intermediate 1
railings 1
hawking 1
exhibition 1
ironmould 1
bundle 1
burned 1
rendered 1
paralysed 1
disease 1
operation 1
hunt 1
stretched 1
afflict 1
poking 1
ploughing 1
pester 1
monthly 1
auction 1
sickening 1
gunn 1
kendal 1
insurance 1
tied 1
spinoza 1
millions 1
swamp 1
interested 1
tag 1
scarli 1
hurry 1
adultery 1
hissing 1
adulteress 1
shouted 1
boo 1
patience 1
pregnant 1
sheets 1
stain 1
troubling 1
fools 1
widow 1
daub 1
blackberry 1
juice 1
purply 1
jamesy 1
pooh 1
jingling 1
park 1
quilt 1
scalding 1
suckin 1
horror 1
commode 1
easychair 1
purposely 1
busy 1
comfits 1
scout 1
bubbles 1
wad 1
thighs 1
smoothest 1
peach 1
lahore 1
insides 1
growing 1
dry 1
dr 1
collins 1
womens 1
diseases 1
pembroke 1
gilt 1
carpets 1
fiddlefaddle 1
cochinchina 1
bitches 1
offensive 1
smathered 1
wrinkly 1
compriments 1
worms 1
guinea 1
frequent 1
fellows 1
shortsighted 1
chloroform 1
strap 1
crazy 1
precious 1
connected 1
underlined 1
joy 1
nonsensical 1
weakness 1
rehoboth 1
jewess 1
amuse 1
sloothering 1
doyles 1
member 1
parliament 1
blather 1
rule 1
league 1
strool 1
classy 1
beau 1
pays 1
touraine 1
rigmaroling 1
persecution 1
enjoy 1
naturally 1
favour 1
opportunity 1
brighton 1
sulphur 1
gelatine 1
alnight 1
affair 1
kneels 1
creation 1
habits 1
bolster 1
pinafore 1
toes 1
bigger 1
lords 1
asia 1
everybody 1
wifes 1
stinking 1
napkins 1
creak 1
tying 1
ourselves 1
tonight 1
lumpy 1
jingly 1
reminds 1
scratched 1
napier 1
admire 1
raymond 1
frogs 1
furniture 1
warden 1
daly 1
landing 1
praying 1
stinks 1
puts 1
thoms 1
lottery 1
salvations 1
sack 1
soon 1
freemasons 1
dribbling 1
coadys 1
capable 1
sincerely 1
judging 1
sincerity 1
georges 1
quarters 1
oclock 1
habit 1
pocketbook 1
deceitful 1
should 1
truth 1
tucked 1
babies 1
aristocrats 1
masterpiece 1
aristocrat 1
pictures 1
villainy 1
lick 1
tyrant 1
slept 1
belonged 1
petted 1
forgets 1
wethen 1
coalcellar 1
blackbeetles 1
castoffs 1
courage 1
denis 1
forlornlooking 1
races 1
bonnet 1
nob 1
sheeps 1
duty 1
wink 1
fruits 1
reversed 1
muffled 1
drums 1
boom 1
barrelly 1
dedaluses 1
fanny 1
mcoys 1
skinny 1
songs 1
lowneck 1
attract 1
dabbling 1
rainy 1
plainly 1
friendship 1
burying 1
wives 1
families 1
barmaid 1
idiotics 1
squander 1
earns 1
gullets 1
goodfornothings 1
insured 1
comical 1
teetotum 1
pub 1
widows 1
weeds 1
improve 1
becoming 1
base 1
barreltone 1
borrowed 1
swallowtail 1
squeezed 1
dolly 1
wellwhipped 1
botty 1
balmy 1
ballocks 1
preserved 1
seats 1
trotting 1
trowlers 1
screwed 1
maiden 1
bough 1
flirtyfying 1
freddy 1
mayers 1
delicious 1
phoebe 1
_sweet_heart 1
_tart_ 1
gift 1
art 1
showerbath 1
wildwood 1
splendidly 1
register 1
transposed 1
widower 1
author 1
lessons 1
showing 1
drapery 1
kingsbridge 1
deathwatch 1
ticking 1
insisted 1
fauntleroy 1
cards 1
deck 1
7th 1
journey 1
scandals 1
diamonds 1
society 1
8s 1
ounce 1
composition 1
89 1
23 1
24 1
stuckup 1
eppss 1
cocoa 1
trinity 1
potent 1
jameson 1
beautifully 1
nightboat 1
tarifa 1
lighthouse 1
played 1
expressive 1
glancing 1
lattice 1
hid 1
darkly 1
billy 1
prescotts 1
keyess 1
suffer 1
margate 1
strand 1
bathingplace 1
plunging 1
thered 1
boyish 1
gruel 1
dew 1
pigs 1
wishcard 1
pairing 1
teach 1
faints 1
mistress 1
publicly 1
famous 1
trieste 1
zurich 1
1914 1
1921 1
