The Longest Sentence by number of characters: I sometimes dream of a larger and more populous house, standing in a
golden age, of enduring materials, and without ginger-bread work, which
shall still consist of only one room, a vast, rude, substantial,
primitive hall, without ceiling or plastering, with bare rafters and
purlins supporting a sort of lower heaven over one’s head,—useful to
keep off rain and snow; where the king and queen posts stand out to
receive your homage, when you have done reverence to the prostrate
Saturn of an older dynasty on stepping over the sill; a cavernous
house, wherein you must reach up a torch upon a pole to see the roof;
where some may live in the fire-place, some in the recess of a window,
and some on settles, some at one end of the hall, some at another, and
some aloft on rafters with the spiders, if they choose; a house which
you have got into when you have opened the outside door, and the
ceremony is over; where the weary traveller may wash, and eat, and
converse, and sleep, without further journey; such a shelter as you
would be glad to reach in a tempestuous night, containing all the
essentials of a house, and nothing for house-keeping; where you can see
all the treasures of the house at one view, and every thing hangs upon
its peg, that a man should use; at once kitchen, pantry, parlor,
chamber, store-house, and garret; where you can see so necessary a
thing as a barrel or a ladder, so convenient a thing as a cupboard, and
hear the pot boil, and pay your respects to the fire that cooks your
dinner and the oven that bakes your bread, and the necessary furniture
and utensils are the chief ornaments; where the washing is not put out,
nor the fire, nor the mistress, and perhaps you are sometimes requested
to move from off the trap-door, when the cook would descend into the
cellar, and so learn whether the ground is solid or hollow beneath you
without stamping.
The Shortest Sentence by number of words: WALDEN

The Longest Word: walden_pond_map
Top 10 most occurance of characters: 
1. e 1508
2. t 1125
3. a 1013
4. o 911
5. n 850
6. s 823
7. i 819
8. h 758
9. r 738
10. d 501
Most often words: 
the 183
and 116
of 91
to 72
a 63
that 40
i 37
in 36
as 36
is 32
for 27
it 25
not 25
on 20
from 20
are 20
his 19
but 18
which 18
was 18
be 17
man 17
with 17
or 16
we 16
by 15
all 15
they 15
our 13
my 13
who 13
he 13
their 12
them 12
have 12
this 11
some 11
at 11
where 10
so 10
s 10
like 10
one 10
were 9
has 9
what 8
there 8
will 8
an 8
him 8
me 8
house 7
winter 7
men 7
than 7
if 7
when 7
thy 6
any 6
more 6
soul 6
no 6
such 6
had 6
nor 6
out 6
may 6
its 6
now 6
would 6
lived 5
visitors 5
farm 5
part 5
time 5
made 5
little 5
high 5
fire 5
being 5
did 5
those 5
must 5
earth 5
us 5
walden 4
spring 4
been 4
god 4
also 4
life 4
should 4
days 4
though 4
can 4
most 4
world 4
do 4
lives 4
new 4
every 4
through 4
am 4
about 4
o 4
far 4
could 4
only 4
wind 4
duty 3
civil 3
disobedience 3
field 3
village 3
baker 3
laws 3
neighbors 3
former 3
inhabitants 3
pond 3
over 3
way 3
shall 3
left 3
ye 3
behold 3
son 3
why 3
years 3
built 3
myself 3
cost 3
work 3
few 3
yet 3
make 3
then 3
away 3
creation 3
see 3
get 3
even 3
thought 3
things 3
says 3
say 3
day 3
come 3
useful 3
true 3
sea 3
poet 3
never 3
state 3
too 3
sit 3
economy 2
reading 2
sounds 2
solitude 2
bean 2
ponds 2
higher 2
brute 2
warming 2
animals 2
conclusion 2
said 2
nature 2
thou 2
hast 2
live 2
saith 2
mine 2
comforts 2
better 2
three 2
four 2
country 2
agriculture 2
themselves 2
houses 2
rafters 2
having 2
many 2
thoughts 2
singing 2
materials 2
counting 2
done 2
give 2
very 2
still 2
various 2
whole 2
income 2
expense 2
food 2
these 2
green 2
corn 2
hand 2
date 2
0 2
within 2
same 2
outgoes 2
received 2
produce 2
walnut 2
tree 2
long 2
since 2
present 2
effects 2
after 2
town 2
morning 2
priest 2
dry 2
wood 2
feast 2
receive 2
season 2
during 2
cypress 2
race 2
nothing 2
respect 2
right 2
none 2
strange 2
whether 2
end 2
here 2
forever 2
doubt 2
place 2
er 2
plain 2
sound 2
look 2
up 2
book 2
hills 2
shot 2
great 2
track 2
let 2
go 2
swallows 2
something 2
wild 2
nearest 2
ever 2
again 2
sad 2
how 2
heaven 2
seek 2
hear 2
cannot 2
does 2
cabin 2
best 2
patroclus 2
you 2
whom 2
eat 2
heard 2
much 2
self 2
thus 2
pious 2
old 2
called 2
led 2
alone 2
virtues 2
grass 2
least 2
pleasant 2
trees 2
love 2
holy 2
fear 2
divine 2
into 2
dim 2
down 2
light 2
wit 2
powder 2
comes 2
without 2
ether 2
under 2
seed 2
born 2
government 2
plus 2
habet 2
buried 2
funeral 2
her 2
henry 1
david 1
thoreau 1
cover 1
contents 1
deucalion 1
pyrrha 1
created 1
throwing 1
stones 1
heads 1
behind 1
raleigh 1
rhymes 1
sonorous 1
thence 1
kind 1
hard 1
hearted 1
enduring 1
pain 1
care 1
approving 1
bodies 1
stony 1
whatever 1
failures 1
hitherto 1
afflicted 1
child 1
assign 1
thee 1
undone 1
lord 1
occasion 1
use 1
proverb 1
israel 1
souls 1
father 1
sinneth 1
die 1
chapman 1
sings 1
false 1
society 1
earthly 1
greatness 1
heavenly 1
rarefies 1
air 1
_if 1
civilized 1
pursuits 1
worthier 1
savage 1
employed 1
greater 1
obtaining 1
gross 1
necessaries 1
merely 1
dwelling 1
_ 1
course 1
became 1
adapted 1
handsome 1
spending 1
several 1
thousands 1
went 1
cutting 1
hewing 1
timber 1
studs 1
narrow 1
axe 1
communicable 1
scholar 1
exact 1
paying 1
usual 1
price 1
used 1
follows 1
details 1
because 1
able 1
tell 1
exactly 1
fewer 1
separate 1
compose 1
28 1
12 1
8 1
71 1
eight 1
months 1
namely 1
july 1
4th 1
march 1
1st 1
estimates 1
two 1
potatoes 1
peas 1
raised 1
considering 1
value 1
last 1
22 1
03 1
clothing 1
incidental 1
expenses 1
dates 1
inferred 1
item 1
amounted 1
2 1
00 1
pecuniary 1
excepting 1
washing 1
mending 1
bills 1
ways 1
money 1
necessarily 1
goes 1
61 1
99 1
meet 1
sold 1
36 1
78 1
forefathers 1
sang 1
liquor 1
sweeten 1
lips 1
pumpkins 1
parsnips 1
chips 1
auction 1
deacon 1
ineffectual 1
evil 1
general 1
amnesty 1
proclaimed 1
malefactors 1
return 1
fourth 1
rubbing 1
together 1
produces 1
public 1
square 1
whence 1
habitation 1
supplied 1
pure 1
flame 1
fruits 1
dance 1
sing 1
following 1
visits 1
rejoice 1
friends 1
neighboring 1
towns 1
manner 1
purified 1
prepared 1
replied 1
each 1
appropriate 1
appointed 1
continuance 1
fresh 1
blooming 1
absence 1
withered 1
neither 1
states 1
exposed 1
always 1
flourishing 1
azads 1
religious 1
independents 1
fix 1
heart 1
transitory 1
dijlah 1
tigris 1
continue 1
flow 1
bagdad 1
caliphs 1
extinct 1
plenty 1
liberal 1
affords 1
azad 1
free 1
complemental 1
verses 1
pretensions 1
poverty 1
carew 1
landscapes 1
monarch 1
_survey_ 1
dispute 1
squatted 1
shepherd 1
held 1
mounts 1
whereon 1
flocks 1
hourly 1
feed 1
appears 1
uncertainty 1
devil 1
_somewhat 1
hastily_ 1
concluded 1
chief 1
glorify 1
enjoy 1
seeming 1
fast 1
deadly 1
slow 1
massachusetts 1
truth 1
become 1
butt 1
fleet 1
railroad 1
shafts 1
peaceful 1
soothing 1
concord 1
warned 1
whizzing 1
tall 1
pine 1
hewn 1
northern 1
winged 1
mountains 1
connecticut 1
arrow 1
township 1
ten 1
minutes 1
scarce 1
another 1
eye 1
beholds 1
going 1
mast 1
ammiral 1
bell 1
rings 1
off 1
cars 1
fills 1
hollows 1
makes 1
banks 1
sets 1
sand 1
blowing 1
blackberries 1
growing 1
distinctly 1
aware 1
presence 1
kindred 1
scenes 1
accustomed 1
call 1
dreary 1
blood 1
humanest 1
person 1
villager 1
mourning 1
untimely 1
consumes 1
land 1
living 1
beautiful 1
daughter 1
toscar 1
vast 1
profound 1
influence 1
subtile 1
powers 1
perceive 1
identified 1
substance 1
separated 1
above 1
environ 1
sides 1
confucius 1
truly 1
virtue 1
remain 1
abandoned 1
orphan 1
necessity 1
proud 1
motto 1
lines 1
spenser 1
inscribed 1
yellow 1
leaf 1
card 1
arrivéd 1
fill 1
ne 1
looke 1
entertainment 1
rest 1
noblest 1
mind 1
contentment 1
pronounce 1
greek 1
itself 1
taught 1
read 1
verse 1
testament 1
native 1
parish 1
translate 1
while 1
holds 1
achilles 1
reproof 1
countenance 1
tears 1
young 1
girl 1
menœtius 1
actor 1
peleus 1
æacus 1
among 1
myrmidons 1
either 1
died 1
greatly 1
grieve 1
want 1
week 1
noon 1
warmed 1
coffee 1
kettle 1
sat 1
log 1
dinner 1
chickadees 1
sometimes 1
round 1
alight 1
arm 1
peck 1
potato 1
fingers 1
liked 1
_fellers_ 1
wits 1
knew 1
runaway 1
slaves 1
plantation 1
manners 1
listened 1
fox 1
fable 1
hounds 1
baying 1
looked 1
beseechingly 1
christian 1
send 1
back 1
finally 1
styled 1
reformers 1
greatest 1
bores 1
know 1
third 1
line 1
coleman 1
reported 1
chiefly 1
expensive 1
experiments 1
gentlemen 1
farmers 1
14 1
72 1
patrem 1
familias 1
vendacem 1
non 1
emacem 1
esse 1
oportet 1
deal 1
plodding 1
leaning 1
hoe 1
spade 1
staff 1
between 1
mushroom 1
partially 1
risen 1
erect 1
alighted 1
walking 1
ground 1
spake 1
wings 1
spread 1
meant 1
fly 1
close 1
cato 1
profits 1
particularly 1
just 1
_maximeque 1
pius 1
quæstus_ 1
according 1
varro 1
romans 1
mother 1
ceres 1
cultivated 1
king 1
saturn 1
pope 1
homers 1
soon 1
properly 1
distributed 1
nec 1
bella 1
fuerunt 1
faginus 1
astabat 1
dum 1
scyphus 1
ante 1
dapes 1
wars 1
molest 1
beechen 1
bowls 1
request 1
superior 1
common 1
passes 1
bends 1
proposes 1
drop 1
lakes 1
names 1
icarian 1
shore 1
brave 1
attempt 1
resounds 1
meadow 1
adjunct 1
retreat 1
sung 1
beginning 1
entry 1
mossy 1
fruit 1
yield 1
partly 1
ruddy 1
brook 1
gliding 1
musquash 1
undertook 1
mercurial 1
trout 1
darting 1
haste 1
shelter 1
hut 1
stood 1
half 1
mile 1
road 1
nearer 1
uninhabited 1
builded 1
completed 1
trivial 1
destruction 1
steers 1
landscape 1
richest 1
element 1
sunshine 1
innocent 1
runs 1
revel 1
rail 1
fenced 1
lea 1
debate 1
questions 1
art 1
perplexed 1
tame 1
first 1
sight 1
russet 1
gabardine 1
dressed 1
hate 1
children 1
dove 1
guy 1
faux 1
hang 1
conspiracies 1
tough 1
opinion 1
chaucer 1
nun 1
yave 1
text 1
pulled 1
hen 1
hunters 1
ben 1
nevertheless 1
regarding 1
privileged 1
ones 1
ved 1
refers 1
faith 1
omnipresent 1
supreme 1
exists 1
bound 1
inquire 1
prepares 1
case 1
observed 1
hindoo 1
commentator 1
remarked 1
vedant 1
limits 1
privilege 1
distress 1
gods 1
demigods 1
fauns 1
satyrs 1
allied 1
beasts 1
creatures 1
appetite 1
extent 1
disgrace 1
else 1
herd 1
swine 1
devils 1
incline 1
headlong 1
rage 1
worse 1
villagers 1
lighting 1
fires 1
beyond 1
horizon 1
gave 1
notice 1
vale 1
smoky 1
streamer 1
chimney 1
awake 1
longer 1
pertinent 1
words 1
recurred 1
force 1
well 1
safe 1
strong 1
beside 1
hearth 1
shadows 1
flit 1
cheers 1
saddens 1
warms 1
feet 1
hands 1
aspire 1
whose 1
compact 1
utilitarian 1
heap 1
sleep 1
ghosts 1
past 1
walked 1
unequal 1
talked 1
gondibert 1
except 1
passage 1
preface 1
mankind 1
strangers 1
indians 1
comparatively 1
disregarded 1
unsuspected 1
take 1
effect 1
masters 1
families 1
rulers 1
advice 1
blind 1
serenity 1
_lepus_ 1
_levipes_ 1
foot 1
think 1
night 1
veils 1
glorious 1
reveal 1
extends 1
plains 1
walden_pond_map 1
heaved 1
tumid 1
low 1
sunk 1
hollow 1
bottom 1
broad 1
deep 1
capacious 1
bed 1
waters 1
seems 1
turn 1
coming 1
cosmos 1
chaos 1
realization 1
golden 1
age 1
eurus 1
ad 1
auroram 1
nabathæaque 1
regna 1
recessit 1
persidaque 1
et 1
radiis 1
juga 1
subdita 1
matutinis 1
east 1
withdrew 1
aurora 1
nabathæan 1
kingdom 1
persian 1
ridges 1
placed 1
rays 1
artificer 1
origin 1
recent 1
lately 1
sundered 1
retained 1
seeds 1
cognate 1
natural 1
sentiments 1
eternal 1
placid 1
zephyrs 1
warm 1
blasts 1
soothed 1
flowers 1
snipes 1
woodcocks 1
afford 1
rare 1
sport 1
trust 1
nobler 1
game 1
shoot 1
travel 1
expert 1
home 1
cosmography 1
meaning 1
south 1
exploring 1
expedition 1
parade 1
indirect 1
recognition 1
fact 1
continents 1
seas 1
moral 1
isthmus 1
inlet 1
unexplored 1
easier 1
sail 1
thousand 1
miles 1
cold 1
storm 1
cannibals 1
ship 1
five 1
hundred 1
boys 1
assist 1
explore 1
private 1
atlantic 1
pacific 1
ocean 1
hic 1
vitæ 1
ille 1
viæ 1
visit 1
navy 1
yard 1
marine 1
american 1
black 1
arts 1
mere 1
shadow 1
reminiscence 1
humanity 1
laid 1
alive 1
standing 1
already 1
arms 1
accompaniment 1
drum 1
note 1
corpse 1
ramparts 1
hurried 1
soldier 1
discharged 1
farewell 1
grave 1
hero 1
wise 1
submit 1
clay 1
stop 1
hole 1
keep 1
leave 1
office 1
dust 1
propertied 1
secondary 1
control 1
serving 1
instrument 1
sovereign 1
throughout 1
drab 1
cloth 1
silver 1
slut 1
train 1
borne 1
trail 1
dirt 1
history 1
prisons 1
affect 1
parents 1
alienate 1
industry 1
doing 1
honor 1
teach 1
matter 1
conscience 1
religion 1
desire 1
rule 1
benefit 1
encouragement 1
